Children and teenagers have been among the thousands of people remembering the Hillsborough disaster victims in Liverpool city centre.
Gerard Lyttle takes his Cliftonville team to Crusaders on Saturday confident of a victory which would move them to within six points of the leaders.
The British Lionhearts won a dramatic tie-breaker to defeat France Fighting Roosters and reach the World Series Boxing semi-finals.
A memorial to three soldiers murdered by the IRA on the outskirts of Belfast has been vandalised for a fifth time, a local fundraiser has said.
A man has been charged with murder after a street brawl in south London.
The atmosphere in Downing Street under Theresa May is "pretty toxic" and its operation "dysfunctional", a former aide of the prime minister has said.
An infants and nursery school in Torfaen has reopened 10 days after it was gutted by fire.
One of the first doctors who identified the likely link between the Zika virus and thousands of babies being born with underdeveloped brains has been answering your questions.
An expert witness has told the inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash, which killed six people, that he could reach the handbrake from the rear crew seats.
B vitamins may offer some protection against the impacts of air pollution, a small scale human trial suggests.
A few years back, in the days before former owner Craig Whyte ever darkened Rangers' door and in a time when Charles Green was selling his bombast elsewhere, I wrote a column about the nature of the Old Firm derby as I saw it.
The cost of a cuppa will have to rise, according to the boss of Typhoo.
More than 2,000 ticking clocks have gone on display in an art installation as British Summer Time (BST) begins.
At least 24 people have died in recent days in central Java, Indonesia, from drinking illegally-produced alcohol.
David Cameron has rejected claims he is a "closet Brexiteer," insisting he is  "passionate" about staying in the EU.
A charity is urging GPs to do more to diagnose bone cancers early in order to help to improve the survival rate
A key member of a breeding programme, designed to reintroduce an impressive bird of prey in Northern Ireland, has been returned to the wild after being found injured in a field.
India's most famous tiger, 19-year-old Machli, has died, officials say.
The singer Lily Allen has spoken to BBC Newsnight about her experience of being stalked and how she believed the police response was to "victim-shame".
Reigning champions Toulon beat Bath to reach the Champions Cup quarter-finals, but missed out on top spot in Pool Five.
A parliamentary candidate for Labour at the May election must pay £894 compensation and do 60 hours of unpaid work after being convicted of fraud.
Northern Ireland sprinter Amy Foster has reached Friday's semi-finals of the women's 100m at the European Athletics Championships in Amsterdam.
The daughter of a British diver who died while exploring a World War One shipwreck off the coast of Spain has paid tribute to her "caring" father.
The Channel Islands Cricket League will be reinstated this summer to give players more variety of opposition.
The number of abortion pills being bought online in Britain is increasing, data shown to the Victoria Derbyshire programme suggests.
Tech giant Yahoo will now replace online leader Google as the default search engine on Firefox's internet browsers in the US.
Mae angen gwneud mwy i annog tadau i chwilio am gymorth pan mae eu partneriaid yn colli plentyn neu'n geni plentyn yn farw, yn ôl gweithwyr elusen.
A pedestrian has died in hospital following a road accident in Aberdeen in September.
Forest Green missed the chance to go level on points with National League leaders Lincoln as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Eastleigh.
Workers employed at Gatwick Airport to help passengers with reduced mobility are to vote on strike action in a row over pay.
Boxer Andrew Selby is in no hurry to win a world title after securing the British flyweight crown on Saturday.
A carer found guilty of murdering her MS-suffering father has been sentenced to life in prison with a minimum term of four years.
Children's heart services in Leicester have been secured after a new vision was approved by a national board.
A lorry driver asleep at the wheel and a car thought to be carrying £100,000 of cocaine were among the discoveries made during a police crackdown on motoring offences.
Malaysia's top court has upheld opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim's conviction for sodomy after rejecting his appeal.
A Nato oil tanker has exploded in northwest Pakistan, killing at least 15 people, say officials.
Crystal Palace defender Pape Souare will be out for up to six months after breaking his thighbone in a car crash, says manager Alan Pardew.
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS) has said it had to operate a reduced level of cover on Saturday night due to a shortage of staff.
England Test captain Alastair Cook suffered his second failure of the match as county champions Yorkshire beat MCC by nine wickets in Abu Dhabi.
The Foreign Office has launched a review into whether its overseas aid is being used "effectively".
Firefighters have spent the night tackling a large barn fire in Powys.
Holyrood's health and sport committee has launched an inquiry into barriers to accessing sport in Scotland.
Battling Falkirk kept their grip on second place in the Championship with two second-half goals which sank 10-man Dunfermline.
The thousands of Celtic supporters who were on hand to hail the arrival of Brendan Rodgers were understandably absent when his assistant, Chris Davies, met the media.
US rock and roll legend Chuck Berry has marked his 90th birthday by announcing his first new album in 38 years.
Voters across one Florida county have signalled their approval for releasing genetically modified mosquitoes in a bid to fight Zika virus.
Andy Murray will team up with his brother Jamie for Saturday's crucial doubles match against Australia in the Davis Cup semi-final.
Three rickshaws have crossed Clifton Suspension Bridge at the start of a bridge-to-bridge charity ride from Bristol to London.
More than 500 children have been identified as potential victims of online sexual abuse during a major investigation by Police Scotland.
A song by a Scottish schoolteacher has missed out on the chance to become Romania's Eurovision entry.
Millions of rail passengers should be given more help to claim money back when their train is delayed, the industry regulator has recommended.
The detective leading an inquiry into the brutal murder of a Lincolnshire man has said he remains determined to bring those responsible to justice.
Wigan Athletic have announced that four players will leave the club when their contracts expire during the summer.
Denver linebacker Brandon Marshall kneeled in protest during the American national anthem prior to the Broncos' victory over the Carolina Panthers in the opening game of the new NFL season.
Nigeria's state-owned oil company has failed to pay the government $16bn (Â£11bn) in a suspected fraud, according to an official audit.
David Cameron's luck ran out at the moment of his greatest triumph.
The family of a Renfrewshire teenager who died after a collision between two cars at an Asda petrol station have said they are "devastated" by her loss.
An event is being held in Glasgow to urge black Africans in the city to attend eye examinations.
Facebook has completed a second test of a solar-powered drone designed to bring internet access to remote parts of the world.
Older people in need of urgent help are being failed by the NHS, a group of English and Welsh health leaders say.
Manager Tommy Wright is sure St Johnstone can hang on to fourth place in the Premiership after picking up a 1-0 win at Ross County.
A former West Midlands Police officer has been charged with more than 30 child sex offences.
Hundreds of email addresses have been inadvertently circulated following a mistake by Bournemouth Borough Council.
A Bangladeshi law student who had expressed secular views online has been killed in the capital, Dhaka.
Cuts in forensic science spending risk serious mistakes being made in criminal cases, two North West MPs have warned.
Chelsea Football Club has apologised "profusely" to former footballer Gary Johnson over sex abuse he suffered as a youth team member in the 1970s.
BT has condemned "excessive" new business rates, which it says will push up the cost of broadband services.
A man was left in hospital after being knocked unconscious in a south of Scotland beer garden.
Ken Hursey was 16 when two 250kg bombs were dropped on a munitions factory, killing several members of his family.
Restaurateurs Henry Dimbleby and John Vincent have been made MBEs in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for their work in improving school lunches.
A 17-year-old girl has died and two men were seriously injured after a Christmas Eve car crash in Cumbria.
MPs have passed a bill delaying the deadline for Northern Ireland parties to reach a deal to restore devolution.
An unmanned boat sent by a school in the USA has washed up on the Pembrokeshire coast three months after it set sail.
Bath head coach Mike Ford has signed a new four-year contract with the Premiership club.
At October's top level Communist Party meeting in Beijing, President Xi Jinping set out his vision for China's governance.
Britons Heather Watson and Aljaz Bedene are through to the main draw of the Italian Open after victories in the second qualifying round.
The Cabinet Office has been forced by the Information Commissioner to release an official version of what could be called an alternative honours list - names of people who rejected honours.
A Fijian father who served in the British Army for 12 years says he feels "neglected" after being refused UK citizenship.
A paralysed stunt cyclist has said he can start planning his own long-term care and rehabilitation after receiving £50,000 in donations since starting an appeal four days ago.
A man who raped a "vulnerable" woman has been jailed for 24 years.
The National Farmers' Union is calling for clarity on what will happen to free-range labelling if restrictions owing to avian flu continue.
The coalition has dropped plans for a crucial vote on its plans to reform the House of Lords after it faced likely defeat over the issue.
The mother of missing toddler Ben Needham has said she now believes her son is likely to be found dead after disappearing on Kos 25 years ago.
Wales have been practising penalties since arriving at Euro 2016, manager Chris Coleman says.
Traders in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu have banned the sale of Coca-Cola and Pepsi in favour of local products.
Reading have signed midfielder Remi Allen from Women's Super League One rivals Birmingham City for an undisclosed fee.
The first minister has said Northern Ireland politicians need to strive to regain the confidence of voters.
Nigel Farage missed an appearance on BBC Question Time after getting caught in a traffic jam on the A1.
England captain Eoin Morgan says his side have the confidence to beat New Zealand in Cardiff on Tuesday and reach the Champions Trophy semi-finals.
The entertainer Michael Barrymore is to get "more than nominal damages" after claiming his wrongful arrest by police destroyed his career.
Native River enhanced his Cheltenham Gold Cup credentials with a comfortable win for trainer Colin Tizzard in the Denman Chase at Newbury.
Europe and the United States have confirmed their teams for the upcoming Solheim Cup in Iowa.
Europe has put up another two spacecraft in its Galileo sat-nav system.
No further action is to be taken against a deputy council leader arrested on suspicion of fraud.
West Ham winger Victor Moses has reiterated his commitment to Nigeria after he was accused by fans and local media in Nigeria of putting club before country.
George Osborne set himself three fiscal rules - to cap welfare spending, to bring down debt as a proportion of national income and to produce a surplus by the end of the Parliament.
Cardiff City missed a chance to close the gap on the Championship play-off places as Charlton Athletic battled off the bottom in a pulsating draw.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton denies his side are enduring a slump in form, and said their recent goal-scoring record is down to tougher defences.
Families of victims of downed Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 are suing Russia and its President Vladimir Putin in the European Court of Human Rights.
A senior member of the Islamic State (IS) group has been killed in an American drone strike in Syria last month, according to the US military.
Swansea City are in talks with Chievo about signing striker Alberto Paloschi for a fee of around £8m.
The government's promise to reduce net migration by 2015 includes measures that have made it more difficult for people from outside Europe to join family members in the UK, creating tough choices for some British residents.
Archaeologists are preparing to make a detailed examination of a wreck believed to be that of a Scottish ship used in the American Civil War.
We are so fond of the word 'historic' in Welsh politics that it is increasingly used to describe something vaguely interesting that hasn't happened before.
A call for the National Assembly to be renamed the Welsh Parliament has been made by Conservative leader in the assembly Andrew RT Davies.
A Plaid Cymru AM has apologised for discussing his party's council election campaign at a press conference in the Senedd building.
Former pop star Gary Glitter has been jailed for a total of 16 years for sexually abusing three young girls between 1975 and 1980.
Nearly 200,000 people have signed a petition to get a despondent polar bear moved from Argentina to Canada.
G7 nations are meeting in Italy to try to hammer out a unified approach to the Syria conflict, in the wake of last week's suspected chemical attack.
Detectives investigating the murder of a man who was stabbed outside a gym are appealing for information regarding his movements prior to his death.
Three men have been arrested after police seized guns and several hundred rounds of ammunition in County Meath in the Republic of Ireland.
A girl dragged off a dock in Canada by a sea lion is being treated with antibiotics because of the risk of a dangerous infection.
Giles Martin reveals how he took The Beatles master tapes and remixed them in surround sound for the Fab Four's new video collection.
Ebola - or Ebola haemorrhagic fever (EHF) - is a really deadly virus: 50% to 90% of people who catch it die.
The legislation allowing Theresa May to trigger Brexit will be rubber-stamped on Thursday, MPs have been told.
A hotel in the heart of Cardiff has admitted "unacceptable" failings, after a BBC Wales investigation uncovered dirty rooms.
Cricket South Africa is planning to launch a new Twenty20 league to be played in late 2017.
Niall Currie has described the relegation of Portadown from the Premiership as a sad night for Irish League football.
The man who helped expose Russian state-sponsored doping says he leaked information about his investigation to the media to force anti-doping chiefs to provide him with additional resources.
Defence officials have said that US Navy ships will accompany US-flagged commercial vessels through the Strait of Hormuz, to make sure they are not interfered with by Iran.
Police are searching for a man from the Vale of Glamorgan in connection with a Cardiff murder probe.
Morecambe are "staggered" by the actions of Brazilian businessman Diego Lemos since he took over the League Two club, says chairman Peter McGuigan.
A 25% increase in hate crimes against transgender people has been recorded in London this year, according to figures released by the Met Police.
A consultation about baby cremations could be held across England and Wales with a view to changing legislation, bereaved families have said.
The Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, says he hopes for a new Chinese approach to Tibet with the expected change in its leadership next month.
All groups from Wales making the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia where a stampede killed at least 717 have been accounted for, a Muslim leader has said.
A vegan cafe in Tbilisi has appealed for public solidarity after being invaded by ultra-nationalists wielding grilled meat and sausages.
Edinburgh lock Grant Gilchrist has been named captain of Scotland's 33-man squad for the autumn Tests against Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga.
A police officer has a case to answer for misconduct after a six-month-old girl was killed by a dangerous dog, an investigation has found.
The Liberal Democrat Tim Farron says his party must "turn our anger into action" and rebuild from the bottom upwards.
People from 11 towns, villages and suburbs all called Whitchurch, have gathered in Whitchurch, Hampshire, for the Worldwide Whitchurch Weekend.
A second man has been arrested following the death of a man outside a block of flats in Glasgow.
Data stolen from a dating website aimed at "beautiful people only" has been traded online.
Paris's most popular art galleries saw a decline in visits by foreign tourists in 2016, following the Islamist militant attacks in the city in 2015 and atrocities elsewhere in France.
A woman has been acquitted of assaulting a baby boy to the danger of his life.
On Saturday, for the first time since their bitter split at the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949, the leaders of China and Taiwan will meet.
Open University (OU) staff have gone on strike after the institution said it would press ahead with plans to close seven regional centres.
In May, a dozen university students showed up for dinner at Goldman Sachs' office in Singapore's business district.
From a distance, it sounded like the shouts of protesters but turned out to be the songs of some of the thousands of Portuguese football supporters in the city for a European final.
After the election, the numbers in both Houses of Parliament looked pretty daunting for the government whips.
Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal have set up a fourth-round tie at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells - a re-run of this year's Australian Open final.
Nasa has created a new interactive web site to allow people to explore the surface of Mars just like the Curiosity rover is doing.
Highland Council has said it must save more money in 2016-17 than it had previously thought.
Funding of £100,000 has been approved for a project to turn Inverness Castle's North Tower and its look-out into a new tourist attraction.
As Brexit battles continue to rage in Parliament, one UKIP MEP is taking on a Liberal Democrat rival in another arena.
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed Lee Novak following the striker's departure from Birmingham.
A mother-of-three was strangled by her ex-partner after she began a new relationship, a court has heard.
Mark Selby staged a remarkable comeback to beat defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan 18-14 in the final of the World Championship in Sheffield.
The "super-prison" being built in Wrexham will bring £23m a year to the local economy and 1,000 jobs.
Conservationists are searching for a missing cuckoo called David who usually returns to his Ceredigion breeding grounds.
Rebel groups in Syria have told the BBC they will not stop fighting because they do not believe that Russia will end its bombing campaign in support of the government.
Did India conceal its first cases of the Zika virus?
Changes to benefits for sick and disabled people have led to a "fiasco", causing unnecessary distress to thousands of people, MPs have warned.
The first known death in the US to the Zika virus has been recorded in Puerto Rico, say health officials.
The government has survived a challenge in the House of Lords to its plan to fast-track more local authority schools in England to become academies.
More than 50,000 children in Somalia "face death" because of the ongoing drought there, the UN says.
Wallabies skipper Stephen Moore has announced he will quit international rugby union by the end of the year.
Scientists reckon they've figured out why the narwhal has its famous tusk.
The UK has appointed an ambassador to Iran for the first time since 2011, as part of its aims for "more productive co-operation".
Neil Warnock expects to be in charge of Queens Park Rangers for two more games, BBC Radio London reports.
MPs have criticised the "chasm" between the number of reported cases of female genital mutilation (FGM) in the UK and the number of prosecutions.
Ahmad Ahmad, the man bidding to depose Issa Hayatou as president of the Confederation of African Football (Caf), has unveiled his manifesto.
There's a retro vibe afoot: the planned mothballing of two steel plants in Lanarkshire brings back the 1980s as if it were... well, 30 years ago.
Ronan Curtis scored an 86th minute equaliser as Derry fought back from two goals down to draw with Dundalk in the FAI Cup semi-final at Oriel Park.
A man who defrauded a 98-year-old woman he befriended of £170,000 has been jailed for five years and one month.
A Conservative councillor has been suspended over an offensive Facebook post he wrote mocking fundraising in memory of killed MP Jo Cox.
All photographs are copyrighted.
Chelsea have signed Leicester City midfielder N'Golo Kante on a five-year deal for a fee believed to be in the region of £30m.
Sinn Féin is to meet next week to select a fourth candidate in Fermanagh and South Tyrone for this year's assembly election.
The US has blacklisted a Singapore-based shipping firm over allegations it is supporting illicit arms shipments to North Korea.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn could be facing a new battle after "moderate" MPs seized key policy making positions.
The story could well be the plot of a Latin American soap opera - a Colombian one, to be more precise.
An orchestra that has tripled its audience by playing less Beethoven and Mozart and more New Order and 808 State has won a major classical music award.
Leaders of five combined authorities have written to the prime minister saying the north of England needs a "strong voice" in Brexit negotiations.
Cirque du Soleil will be fined after an acrobat died during one of its live shows in Las Vegas in June, Nevada state officials say.
Hearts left-back Faycal Rherras has been given a late call-up to Morocco's Africa Cup of Nations squad.
Dundee Museum of Transport's fundraising campaign has received an £80,000 grant.
A British man who attempted to join Islamic State in Syria has been jailed for six years.
Glastonbury festival-goers have been stuck in queues of up to 12 hours as traffic chaos hit all major routes to the site.
Police are asking for new information about the murder of a man who was "brutally attacked" following a row during a football match in a Bradford park.
Warrington overturned a half-time deficit to end the regular season Super League campaign with a win over Widnes.
England football legend Stuart Pearce is set to come out of retirement aged 53 in a bid to transform the fortunes of a struggling non-league side.
The US Department of Justice (DoJ) has approved Charter Communications purchase of cable operators Time Warner Cable and Bright House networks.
Most people associate a charity marathon with months of training ending in a gruelling test of endurance.
The UK's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) says it has opened an investigation into British-Australian mining giant Rio Tinto Group.
Michael Carberry helped Perth Scorchers beat Kevin Pietersen's Melbourne Stars by 18 runs at the Waca and reach the Australian Big Bash League final.
Plans to overhaul secondary schools in Powys will be discussed next month.
Some very big changes are now in the pipeline for the way people use their bank accounts and the way banks charge their customers.
A British man has reportedly died fighting with Kurdish forces against so-called Islamic State in Syria.
Nine of the 10 local authorities in which most six-year-olds passed the government's phonics reading test this year are in London, figures show.
It looks like as wide-open a staging of jump racing's King George VI Chase as there has been for a bit, one of those occasions when you could go into the pub, tip one of five or six and not look ridiculous.
A travelling theatre that performs from a canal boat is making its way through the West Midlands this summer.
Two people are being held on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead following a house fire in London.
A celebration has been held to mark 100 years since the first Women's Institute (WI) meeting in Britain.
The Saudi authorities have moved to curb the powers of the notorious religious police, or "mutawa".
A 15-year-old Indian athlete has died and three others are in hospital after allegedly consuming poisonous fruit in what is suspected to be a suicide pact.
Homes have been evacuated and traffic has been disrupted due to an ongoing security alert in Southway, Londonderry.
Staff at the University of Salford are expected to strike on Thursday in support of two sacked colleagues.
A 16-year-old died from chronic constipation because either she, or she and her parents, resisted the care she needed, a coroner has said.
Republic of Ireland boss Martin O'Neill and winger James McClean face punishment from Fifa for criticising the referee after the 1-1 draw in their World Cup qualifier with Austria.
A school suspended pupils 440 times in one academic year, despite the fact that only 353 students were enrolled at the school during that period.
A Labour councillor's son, held in Turkey on suspicion of trying to enter Syria illegally is expected to return to the UK.
A group of Kenyan Muslims travelling on a bus ambushed by Islamist gunmen protected Christian passengers by refusing to be split into groups, according to eyewitnesses.
Robbie Williams says he sympathises with Justin Bieber, after the Canadian pop star reprimanded audiences for screaming at his concerts.
A Dublin woman on trial for assisting a suicide told police she was not present when her friend took a lethal dose of medication, but another friend was.
Famous Grouse producer Edrington Group has announced a strong set of results, after increasing its presence in both established and emerging markets and investing in its brands.
Yorkshire clinched a second consecutive Championship title as a superb bowling display dismissed Middlesex for 106 on the first morning at Lord's.
A large crack has appeared in a cliff face in East Sussex.
The public will not have confidence in the police unless there are more black and ethnic minority officers, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
When Theresa May steps on to the global stage for the first time this weekend at the G20 summit in China, she will be hoping not to repeat what happened the last time a female British prime minister attended an international conference.
One thousand and nine Micro Bit mini-computers have been linked together to create a large screen that can display messages and graphics.
Ceremonies are being held in Russia and on board its naval vessels to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the Kursk nuclear submarine disaster.
The mother of a toddler who was taken from Newcastle's Primark store says she has forgiven the girl's kidnappers.
Barely a day goes by without a newspaper headline condemning the Metropolitan Police or its Commissioner, Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe.
Northern Ireland companies selling to external markets are to be offered more financial support under a scheme announced by the economy minister.
Prosecutors have sought to put pressure on Russia to provide information about the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine in July 2014.
A car thought to belong to a man who went missing in Bridgend on Sunday has been found in the River Ogmore.
As Stephen Harper banged out the final piano chords to the Beatles song Hey Jude at a private dinner for Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem last year, he underscored, albeit somewhat bizarrely, his absolute commitment to the Israeli leader.
A deadly flash flood sparked by monsoon-like rains has swept through a swimming hole in the US state of Arizona, killing at least eight people.
Temperatures topped 29C on Scotland's hottest day of the year so far - sparking a warning of overnight downpours and thunderstorms.
The number of people who regularly attend church services in Scotland has fallen by more than half over the last 30 years, according to a new survey.
When Ecuador cut Julian Assange's internet at its London embassy, something unexpected happened.
Boris Johnson does not seem to understand "the difference between fact and fiction", former Tory chairman Lord Patten has told BBC Newsnight.
Accrington Stanley have re-signed goalkeeper Aaron Chapman on a two-year deal, following his release by League One side Chesterfield.
Beijing has called the presence of a US warship near a disputed island in the South China Sea "a serious political and military provocation".
The Welsh government should be able to borrow up to £1bn to fund major new projects such as motorways or hospital buildings, the Liberal Democrats have said.
Last year the eyes and ears of the world were on London as it hosted the Olympic Games.
Four cannabis farms have been found in flats at a tower block in Liverpool.
A 90-year-old former teacher who is already in jail for child sex offences has had two years added to his sentence after four more victims came forward.
Daniele Henkel decided she had to flee Algeria because she felt her children were no longer safe.
Every household, business or charity in Scotland directly affected by flood water will get a grant of £1,500, Nicola Sturgeon has announced.
Developers hoping to build a £100m hydro power plant in a disused Gwynedd quarry have been granted environmental permits.
Levels of peace around the world have improved slightly for the first time since the Syrian war began, but harmony has decreased in the US and terrorism records have increased, a Sydney-based think-tank has found.
A "lucky catch" is how Brandon Li describes the accidental drone shot he captured of "newlyweds" on a rooftop in Hong Kong.
Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says manager Neil Warnock will receive the backing he needs to mount a promotion bid in 2017-18.
Scientists in China have described a new species of early bird, from two fossils with intact plumage dating to 130 million years ago.
Swansea's Singleton Hospital says it is accepting "most" expectant women in labour again after pressures on its neonatal services eased.
A child rapist jailed for grooming young girls for sex has had his "unduly lenient" sentence increased.
Kent openers Daniel Bell-Drummond and Joe Denly both hit half-centuries to lead their side to a five-wicket win over Hampshire in the One-Day Cup.
Sebastian Vettel's swerve into title rival Lewis Hamilton at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix was like an "instant red card" offence in football, according to former F1 team owner Eddie Jordan.
Iron Maiden frontman Bruce Dickinson has said he is healing well since being treated for cancer earlier this year.
Goals from Jack Marriott and Jake Gray earned 10-man Luton a 2-1 comeback win at Crewe.
A small London airport needs to extend its hours to avoid being forced to take on holidaymakers and more commercial airlines, its boss has claimed.
Good news for giant pandas - the number living in the wild in China has gone up over the last 10 years.
Hindustan Motors was once India's largest car manufacturer, and its iconic Ambassador car, modelled after the British Morris Oxford, was a national icon.
Two men have pleaded not guilty to the murder of a 29-year-old man in Cardiff.
It is easy to be cynical about companies who do business with the public sector warning of dire consequences if their income is not increased.
Wales lock Luke Charteris could be a doubt for the Six Nations match against France in Cardiff on 26 February.
The second edition of the Women's Big Bash League (WBBL) has come to an end and unfortunately for the "Lilac Ladies", my Hobart Hurricanes side, it's ended at the same stage as last year with a semi-final loss.
A total of £1.7bn in benefits was not paid to those entitled to the money in 2015-16 owing to fraud and error, a new record rate of underpayment.
Charl Schwartzel secured a fourth Alfred Dunhill Championship title in 11 years when he finished 15 under par in his native South Africa on Sunday.
Neonicotinoid pesticides are causing significant damage to a wide range of beneficial species and are a key factor in the decline of bees, say scientists.
There has been a 30% increase in the number of children in Wales prescribed antidepressants over 10 years, figures obtained by the BBC have shown.
World Rugby have moved to allay fears that Wales's 2017 South Pacific tour is in doubt because of concerns over facilities and medical cover.
Britain's men finished top of Pool C in the Olympic rugby sevens by beating New Zealand 21-19 to make it three wins from three matches.
On-loan Shrewsbury Town midfielder James Wallace has been forced out of action with a knee injury that will cause him to miss the FA Cup fifth-round tie with Manchester United.
More than 100 households were evicted every day from rented homes in England last year, the latest figures show.
A "public health emergency" has been declared in Nottinghamshire after six people died in the county within a week after taking unusually pure heroin.
Police were called to a school in Inverness after a pupil was found with a knife.
The MPs on the Culture, Media and Sport committee are clear - our UK broadband strategy is going down the wrong path and BT must shoulder much of the blame.
World number one Serena Williams will face Victoria Azarenka in Sunday's BNP Paribas Open final at Indian Wells.
Iran has confirmed some of its computer systems were infected with the Duqu trojan, but said it has found a way to control the malware.
Rebuilding work has begun at a house in South Yorkshire where a man killed himself and his two sons in a fire.
Recent satellite images indicate that North Korea is building a new tunnel at its nuclear test site, a respected US think tank has said.
Two imposters sneaked on to a float during the celebratory Rio 2016 parade in Manchester, the British Olympic Association (BOA) has confirmed.
A young mother has appealed for the return of a laptop containing the last photographs of her terminally ill child.
Two men have gone on trial accused of a string of sexual offences involving underage girls in Essex.
Three years ago thousands of Tunisians protested on the streets, demanding, among other things, more economic opportunity.
A Borders councillor has said work is being done to deliver superfast broadband to homes in the region currently missing out on the service.
Manager Richie Foran says Inverness Caley Thistle must rid themselves of "two or three bad apples" after they were relegated from the Premiership.
The Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission has called on the Executive to do more to improve life for people from minority ethnic backgrounds.
The home-made bomb that killed 14 people aboard a St Petersburg metro train is believed to have been set off by a suicide bomber born in Kyrgyzstan.
Mae cadeirydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol ym Môn wedi dweud ei fod yn gobeithio y bydd trigolion lleol yn codi mwy o arian na'u targed gwreiddiol ar gyfer y Brifwyl eleni.
A road on a new estate in Worcestershire could be named after the headteacher at the local school.
Englishman Tommy Fleetwood held his nerve to win the Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles in a play-off with Scotland's Stephen Gallacher and Ricardo Gonzalez of Argentina.
You know the feeling - you get in the car for a long, boring journey, and the battery on your tablet dies.
Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey wants football to follow rugby's lead on video technology after he had a goal controversially disallowed for offside against Liverpool.
A flight is returning to Aberdeen International Airport after an emergency was declared.
Former Fulham and Stevenage striker Barry Hayles has joined Southern League Premier Division side Chesham United as a player-coach at the age of 43.
Reality TV star Charlotte Crosby has been banned from driving for three years after being convicted of a second drink-driving offence.
Castleford chief executive Steve Ferres has resigned with immediate effect.
Ronnie O'Sullivan hopes for a "sensible resolution" over any outstanding issues with snooker authorities.
Jesse Bromwich has stood down as New Zealand captain following allegations he took cocaine.
England bowler James Anderson will miss the fifth Ashes Test at The Oval after failing to recover from a side strain.
When Brexit talks formally begin, the UK will have two years to negotiate its departure from the EU.
Plans to ban e-cigarettes in some public places will be dropped from Wales' public health bill, the first minister has said.
UK steel manufacturers will urge the government to take steps to protect the industry in the face of what they describe as a "perfect storm".
Doctors have performed the first organ transplants from a newborn in the UK.
An east London school could become the biggest in the country after being asked if it can take in 2,500 pupils.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has urged Pakistan "to facilitate peace talks" between his country and the Taliban during a visit to Islamabad.
Light passing through the body and into the womb has an important role in the developing eye, US researchers have discovered.
England conceded a 95th-minute goal as they suffered an agonising defeat by France in their SheBelieves Cup opener.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has denied masquerading as a spokesman for himself in the 1990s after an audio tape was published.
Luke Procter's watchful century for Lancashire left Durham a final-day victory target of 247 at Southport.
Bank of Scotland has unveiled the design of its new £10 polymer note, which is due to enter circulation in the autumn.
Belfast featherweight James Tennyson will fight Ryan Walsh for the British title in London on 30 April after signing with promoter Frank Warren.
The UK should show that it "embraces" the Muslim and Hindu faiths by making Eid and Diwali public holidays, Conservative MP Bob Blackman has said.
England's Danny Willett has withdrawn from the World Cup in Australia to avoid aggravating his back problem.
Edinburgh City's first competitive match as an SPFL side ended in League Cup defeat to Livingston at Meadowbank.
A "technical hitch" has been blamed for leaving 180 passengers stuck on British Airways's i360 attraction in Brighton.
The blockbuster production of Hamlet, starring Benedict Cumberbatch, is the most nominated play at the WhatsOnStage awards.
A woman has been injured by an intruder during a break-in at her Edinburgh home.
A 22-year-old man has died after the van he was driving was in collision with another van in the Isle of Man.
Most of the cuts that were planned for higher education have been reversed, the finance minister has announced, as the Welsh budget was passed.
Motoring show Top Gear has returned to BBC Two with its new line-up of hosts.
Bolton Wanderers have appointed former Republic of Ireland international Andy Townsend in a consultancy role.
Before the 2010 election, David Cameron and George Osborne believed they would be tested on one issue.
British number one Johanna Konta boosted her hopes of reaching the WTA Finals in Singapore by beating Hungary's Timea Babos in straight sets to reach the China Open third round.
The chief minister of India's capital, Delhi, has alleged that his office has been raided by the country's federal investigation agency.
The Aurora Borealis - better known as the Northern Lights - was spotted across parts of England on Sunday night into Monday morning.
Militants have attacked a hotel in the Libyan capital Tripoli, killing at least nine people including five foreigners, officials say.
The ruling AK Party in Turkey has picked Binali Yildirim as candidate for leader, a fortnight after a reported dispute with the president prompted the prime minister to quit.
Police have been granted another week to question a terror suspect arrested near the Houses of Parliament.
An RAF plane carrying UK aid supplies and British army troops, including Gurkha engineers, has left for Nepal.
Ireland's pool opponents at the Rio Olympics will include defending champions Germany and the Netherlands.
Rail passengers should not have to stand for more than 20 minutes during a journey, minister Clare Perry has said
A top court of the European Union has annulled the bloc's decision to keep the Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas on a list of terrorist groups.
Beijing-based author Cao Wenxuan has become the first Chinese author to win the Hans Christian Andersen award for children's literature.
A 13-year-old girl who had been missing from her hometown since Sunday has been found safe and well.
How would the relationship between the White House and the UK change if Britain were no longer part of the EU?
Communities Minister Stephen Williams has defended his remarks in Parliament about the threat to pubs in his constituency from population changes.
Seventeen suspected Ebola patients are "missing" in Liberia after a health centre in the capital was attacked, the government says.
Aid groups have asked a French court to delay the closure of the Calais migrant camp, the "Jungle", arguing authorities are not ready to relocate refugees.
The outlook for the UK financial sector has improved since Brexit was triggered, the policy chief for the City of London Corporation has said.
GCSE pupils in Northern Ireland have shown improvements in English, Maths and Science.
Leicester City's crowning as Premier League champions is an "incredible and romantic" story, the club's former manager Martin O'Neill has said.
Just one point separates the top four sides in the Premier League - and the title race is destined to remain extremely tight to the very end.
England's Ian Poulter says he will "come back stronger than ever" after losing his PGA Tour card by missing the cut at the Texas Open.
Train passengers across England are to be hit by further strike action, RMT officials have said.
Fashion group Ted Baker has reported strong profits for the first half of 2016 despite challenging trading conditions.
Newcastle's bid for automatic promotion continued to stutter as Ipswich Town made it two defeats in three matches for the second-placed Magpies.
A podiatrist fed up with men urinating outside his clinic has installed CCTV to catch them in the act and posted the images on social media.
A US man who celebrated news that his wife was expecting a baby boy by setting off an explosion in Nebraska is facing police action which could result in a year in jail and a fine.
Scottish retail sales fell last month as consumers started to "tighten their belts", according to new figures.
Legal action could be taken over a decision to close three day-care centres in Doncaster.
Tim Peake is preparing to talk to hundreds of school pupils in a live webcast from the International Space Station.
Two teenagers have been arrested in connection with an attempted murder outside a shop in Fife.
Colchester United defender Tom Eastman has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two side.
A woman died when she was struck by a taxi in Portsmouth.
Irish Health Minister Leo Varadkar has said the timeframe for the reform of the country's health service was overambitious from the start.
Europe's most successful Kickstarter project is finally ready to deliver the tiny drone that won more than Â£2.3m in backing last November.
A Saudi woman whose imprisonment for driving drew global attention to the issue says she is more determined than ever to continue her campaign.
As the water of Lake Albert laps at the shore of Bugoma village, some fishermen are fixing their nets.
The alleged sexual assault of a 15-year-old girl by five or six males was streamed on Facebook Live, according to Chicago Police.
A US-allied Syrian militia has said it will hand over villages west of the town of Manbij to the army in order to stop Turkish-backed rebels taking them.
The outgoing head of the civil service has predicted another five years of UK government spending cuts - and he said making the cuts would be "even harder".
For 30 years the residents of Erinsborough's premier cul-de-sac have kept us entertained in that awkward half-an-hour before dinner.
Plans to give a Lake District promenade a £250,000 makeover have moved a step closer.
Couples struggling to have a baby should get fertility treatment more quickly and older women should gain access to IVF, new NHS guidelines say.
The notion of sportsmen and sportswomen being deemed worthy role models for our children has taken such a battering over the years that you wonder why some people still persist with it.
Hong Kong authorities have rejected an application by Qantas-backed Australian budget carrier Jetstar to set up a local airline, after nearly two years of deliberation.
BP has lost a second attempt to suspend compensation payments over the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil rig disaster.
Plans to redevelop a former oil terminal in West Dunbartonshire could take a step forward this week.
Zimbabwe's vice-president has submitted to parliament a speech that President Robert Mugabe was supposed to deliver, a day after the 91-year-old leader accidentally gave the wrong one.
Turkey has inaugurated a high-speed rail link between Istanbul and Ankara, slashing by half the seven-hour journey time between the two cities.
The absence of devolved government in Northern Ireland "cannot continue for much longer," Secretary of State James Brokenshire has said.
The number of houses being built in the UK fell during the final three months of 2014, the first such decline for nearly two years.
Unemployment in Northern Ireland fell by 400 in July, according to the latest government figures.
Something strange has happened to Formula 1 in Germany.
Programmes like BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing will not be filmed at London's Television Centre (TVC) again until 2017 - two years later than planned.
Groups of men in Turkey are wearing skirts to protest against violence towards women.
Former Glamorgan wicketkeeper Adrian Shaw has joined the Welsh county's coaching team under new head coach Robert Croft.
A Cambridgeshire police officer has been sentenced for an offence under the Computer Misuse Act.
England won silver in both the mixed doubles and men's doubles on the final day of action at the Commonwealth Games squash competition.
Hamilton moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership but had to settle for a point at home to St Johnstone.
All tram services have resumed in Greater Manchester after the whole network shut down on Saturday following a communications problem.
Two companies have been announced as the combined preferred bidder to operate a £91m arena in Bristol.
Hull City should give Mike Phelan the manager's job on a full-time basis, former England defender Phil Neville told BBC's Match of the Day.
On 3 August 1996, Nigeria made history as the first African nation to become Olympic football champions at the Atlanta Games.
A cargo ship is being towed to port after it began taking on water and sinking while under way in the English Channel, the coastguard has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving after a car was driven into the sea.
If you thought you were hardworking, you might want to think again.
Junior Brown headed the winner as Shrewsbury moved to the brink of League One safety with a victory over Southend.
Former NFL and rugby league player Jarryd Hayne is in Fiji's squad for this weekend's final round of the World Rugby Sevens Series in London.
The Lulz Security hacking group that has claimed attacks on high-profile targets including the CIA and Sony in recent weeks has exclusively told the BBC's Newsnight programme that it wants to target the "higher ups" who write the rules and "bring them down a few notches".
A £20,000 reward is being offered to find a "very violent" man involved in an attack which resulted in a heavily pregnant woman losing her baby.
Glasgow Warriors have been drawn against English Premiership champions Exeter Chiefs in their four-strong European Champions Cup pool.
The BBC has confirmed it will launch a new virtual reality film, The Turning Forest, next week.
Viking coins and ingots found by a metal detectorist in Gwynedd have been declared treasure by a coroner.
Gordon Reid's defence of his Wimbledon wheelchair singles title ended in the first round as he lost to Sweden's Stefan Olsson.
Supporters regard the Hizmet movement inspired by US-based Turkish preacher Fethullah Gulen as the benign, modern face of Islam, but critics question its motives.
Former Brazilian Finance Minister Antonio Palocci has been arrested in connection with a long-running inquiry into corruption at oil giant Petrobras.
Iraq is a country in the Middle East that has been in the news for many years because of fighting there.
Tributes have been paid to Bridgend-born actress Deddie Davies, who has died at the age of 78.
World number two Andy Murray is through to the final of the Erste Bank Open in Vienna after Spain's David Ferrer pulled out with a leg injury.
Celtic have signed Sweden international right-back Mikael Lustig on a pre-contract agreement.
Yaya Toure has been voted the BBC African Footballer of the Year 2015.
Team GB rugby sevens wing Jasmine Joyce says her side are aiming for an historic gold in Rio as they prepare to take on hosts Brazil on Saturday.
Officials at Auschwitz have criticised a US congressman for making and voicing a video inside a gas chamber at the former Nazi death camp.
Saudi Arabia and Iraq are investigating an incident in which six mortar bombs landed in a remote area of Saudi Arabia near the border with Iraq and Kuwait.
Some 20 people, including senior officials, have been killed in an attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, witnesses have told the BBC.
A Whitstable man is aiming to become the youngest person to run 100 marathons when he completes a race in Deal on New Year's Eve.
As one of the best young Para-swimmers in the country, Hayley Milne stands out.
Pop star Rihanna has unveiled tracks from her forthcoming album, Loud, at a club in London.
Jack Compton hit a hat-trick to earn a shock comeback win at AFC Wimbledon and take Yeovil Town three points clear of the League Two relegation zone.
Italian police in the northern city of Trieste have seized nearly 800 shotguns en route from Turkey to Belgium.
Sean Lamont aims to take a step closer to Chris Paterson's Scotland cap record of 109 on the summer tour of Japan.
Two people have died after two separate university shootings in Texas and Arizona, just hours apart.
Twins Molly and Megan Keher have become internet stars after nearly two million people watched a video of them secretly playing peekaboo.
A Welsh government-owned investment company has defended a decision to compete for business as part of England's Northern Powerhouse.
Liberal Democrat, some Labour and SDLP MPs have told the BBC they are prepared to vote against triggering Article 50.
Officers investigating a cold case murder of a Cambridgeshire man 25 years ago have started digging an area near to where he was last seen alive.
The true story of a trio of Gaelic-speaking soldiers who used their native tongue to "bamboozle" the Germans has inspired a new feature film.
Google has started streaming apps to Android phones so people can use them even if they are not installed on a handset.
A major highway which has been closed since an underground fire in central London will reopen on Wednesday.
A man and woman have escaped injury in a petrol bomb attack in County Armagh.
The police have said graffiti sprayed on the home of the mayor of Coleraine is being treated as a hate crime.
A street preacher who told a woman she would "burn in hell" for wearing tight jeans has been found guilty of religiously aggravated threatening behaviour.
A 68-year-old man has drowned in an incident at a lake in County Armagh.
Director Lynne Ramsay has settled a legal dispute with the producers of the film Jane Got a Gun, which she quit days before shooting began last year.
David Bowie has been posthumously nominated for the British artist of the year prize at the BBC Music Awards.
Strike-hit rail operator Southern has warned passengers not to travel on Tuesday, irrespective of the outcome of a last-ditch bid to halt a walkout.
The state of NHS community nursing in England is "lamentable", nursing leaders say.
At least 65 civilians have reportedly been killed in air strikes by a Saudi-led coalition on the Yemeni city of Taiz.
The number of times police have used Tasers in Devon and Cornwall has nearly doubled over a two-year period.
A new link has been added to the 870-mile Wales Coast Path at Flintshire for walkers seeking a "bit more of a challenge".
An entire stable was lifted by a gust of wind and dumped into the front of a house in Alderney as Storm Katie lashed the Channel Islands.
Oldham boss John Sheridan says he needs at least five or six new signings before the transfer window shuts.
Squatters who had taken over a disused power station owned by Oxford University have vacated the building.
Police searching a landfill site for a missing airman have said they are finding "items from the right time" and place of his disappearance.
A poem by Dutch schoolgirl Anne Frank written shortly before her family went into hiding from the Nazis has sold at auction for €140,000 ($148,000; £120,000), well over the estimate.
The government must plan now to avoid a post-Brexit languages crisis, say a cross-party group of MPs and peers.
Barnsley have signed striker Elliot Lee from Premier League club West Ham United for an undisclosed fee.
The creation of a new 85-mile trail through Snowdonia has been boosted by a £53,000 grant.
A 24-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the theft of a trailer containing £20,000 worth of biscuits.
A computer hacker who masterminded global online attacks from his bedroom has had his prison sentence reduced.
Cheshire Police is to raise its share of council tax by 3.2%, after the government announced a 1.4% cut to police funding.
Eight people have been arrested as part of an international investigation into the supply of 'skunk' cannabis into Northern Ireland.
A straw-fired power station described as "virtually carbon neutral" has been fired for the first time.
With fighter jets flying up to 70 sorties a day in Syria, Russia's powerful media machine has gone into overdrive.
Life-like body parts have been 3D printed to help army surgeons deal with trauma injuries.
Campaigners for art history A-level say they are "absolutely thrilled" by a late decision to save the subject, which was set to be discontinued.
A mental health trust that provides services for 1.2m people in the West Midlands has been told by a health watchdog it "requires improvement".
Walsall have parted company with head coach Sean O'Driscoll after just 16 games despite sitting fourth in League One, after a winless six-game run.
Arts companies face cuts of up to 3.5% to the public money they will receive from April, the Arts Council of Wales (ACW) has announced.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has said its senior executive Patrick Liu is in police custody over corruption allegations related to his previous job with internet company Tencent.
Phil Taylor produced a brilliant semi-final display to beat Adrian Lewis and stay on course for his 16th World Matchplay title.
There are only a few days left until the people of Scotland decide whether or not to become an independent country.
Shares in Australia led markets on Monday, closing 1% higher, boosted by commodity and energy-related stocks.
It was an afternoon when two clubs in the English Football League had to accept the reality of relegation - or did they?
A Scottish charity has replaced its entire board of trustees following concerns over the amount of money it was giving to charitable causes.
A fresh appeal has been made in a bid to find a man wanted in connection with a fatal crash five years ago.
The new £100m Inverness Campus has been officially opened by Deputy First Minister John Swinney.
Brain scans show that skipping breakfast makes fatty, high calorie foods appear far more attractive later in the day, according to researchers.
Iran flew an unarmed drone over a US aircraft carrier and took "precise" photographs during a naval drill in the Gulf, its state broadcaster said.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte and ex-chief executive Charles Green have been arrested as part of an inquiry into the "alleged fraudulent acquisition" of the club in 2012.
Upmarket supermarket chain Waitrose and department store chain House of Fraser have both reported strong sales over the key Christmas trading period.
The taxpayer will make a profit of about £500m on the £20.3bn bailout of Lloyds Bank Group during the financial crisis, its chief executive said.
A GP surgery in Wolverhampton has been put into special measures after being rated inadequate by a healthcare watchdog.
The company that plans to use the controversial fracking technique to extract natural gas in County Fermanagh intends to drill an exploratory borehole in August.
"All of a sudden the doors would open and there would be masked men with either cudgels or a gun."
Essex will not replace injured New Zealand international fast bowler Adam Milne in their T20 Blast squad.
Manaf Tlas, a Syrian general, has deserted the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and left the country gripped by continuing unrest.
The Northern Ireland secretary has said there will be no change in Stormont's talks process despite the announcement of a snap general election.
Former Norwich and Middlesbrough forward Kei Kamara has ended his international break and made himself available for selection ahead of Sierra Leone's forthcoming 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Ivory Coast.
Derek Lyle scored twice as Queen of the South battered Championship new boys Brechin City.
Widnes Vikings half-back Rangi Chase has been suspended from all training and playing activity after testing positive for cocaine.
A stream "choked by plastic" on the southern coast of the Isle of Man has been cleaned up by charity volunteers.
Conservation officers are hoping to catch a raccoon seen living wild in Garve in the Highlands.
Satirist Ikenna Azuike from What's Up Africa is worrying about the tomato shortage in Nigeria, celebrating improved life expectancy and reflecting on presidential breakdowns.
A new challenger to lead the UK's largest trade union says he will stop it "playing Westminster power games".
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says he was "not mocking anyone" after appearing to antagonise Jose Mourinho in Manchester United's 4-0 defeat at Stamford Bridge.
There were 24,300 excess deaths in England and Wales last winter - about half the number of the previous year.
South Africa's Akani Simbine continued his impressive start to 2017 by beating Justin Gatlin and Andre de Grasse in the 100m at the Doha Diamond League.
In the last week, we have seen the best and worst of computer technology.
Police searching for a missing 80-year-old woman have found a body.
A warning over the dangers of taking so-called legal highs has been issued by police after a teenager was taken to hospital.
US rock musician Alice Cooper has found a classic Andy Warhol artwork rolled up in storage after more than 40 years tucked away alongside tour equipment.
Hostess Brands is selling its cake bakery business, which includes Twinkies cakes, to two private equity companies.
Three men appeared in court jointly charged with producing 692 cannabis plants - yards from South Wales Police's headquarters.
The number of reports of vulnerable adults being harmed in the Scottish Borders has risen sharply, according to a social work report.
Germany were crowned world champions for the fourth time as Mario Gotze's extra-time winner beat Argentina in the 2014 World Cup final.
An elephant that was the focus of an international campaign to improve its living conditions has died in a zoo in Japan.
Police are investigating a possible sectarian motive for an  overnight attack in Londonderry's Waterside area.
A chain is in talks over plans for a new 50-bed hotel in Galashiels after the sale of a prominent site in the town has been agreed.
Drivers have faced a seven-mile tailback after an early morning accident on the M8 in Glasgow caused damage to a bridge.
Conservative and Labour mayoral candidates have set out their transport manifestos, with a "war on waste" and Tube and train expansions promised.
An investigation is under way after allegations from whistle-blowers about the operation of a renewable energy scheme that led to a £30m overspend.
(Close): Wall Street closed up following a strong US jobs report that showed unemployment remaining at a seven and half year low.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma is walking further into a long, dark tunnel as he clings to his presidency.
A sheep trapped on a ledge on the side of a cliff has been rescued.
A detective constable sent to speak to the family of a Moors Murders victim has described Ian Brady as "devilish".
One of the most senior al-Qaeda figures in Afghanistan was killed in a weekend air strike, Nato-led forces say.
A conservation charity is trying to raise £800,000 to purchase 550 acres of land in Snowdonia National Park.
A disabled man has said his visits to Maghaberry Prison have become more difficult since changes were made to the visitors' bus service.
The Ministry of Defence will struggle to afford plans to buy new jets, ships and armoured vehicles, the government spending watchdog has warned.
Former Premier League footballer Sam Sodje has appeared in court alongside three brothers accused of charity fraud.
A senior detective accused of raping a woman after a Christmas party has said in court he "never forced myself on anyone".
A BBC Spotlight programme has again exposed the underbelly of republicanism, and what Gerry Adams himself describes as the "inadequate and inappropriate" way the IRA dealt with allegations of sexual abuse in the past.
Seven months after a terrorist massacre in its capital city, France raises the curtain on Friday evening on one of the world's biggest sporting events.
Public hearings at the Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry (HIA) come to an end on Friday after two and a half years.
Plans for what could be the highest wind turbines in England and Wales have been submitted in Hartlepool, Teesside.
Manager Russell Slade says Cardiff must be more ruthless after they threw away a two-goal lead to draw with Burnley.
Billionaire investor George Soros has warned that Britain's vote to leave the European Union makes the disintegration of the bloc "practically irreversible".
The former president of the Maldives, Mohamed Nasheed, has been granted refugee status in the UK, according to his lawyer.
More than 2,000 suspected criminals avoided prosecution in England and Wales last year because of their ill-health or age, figures have shown.
A new £37m home for York City FC will not be finished until part way through the 2016/17 football season.
An inquest into the 1976 Kingsmills massacre has been adjourned until later this month.
South Africa has barred controversial US pastor Steven Anderson from visiting the county because of his critical remarks about homosexuality.
"Should the UK remain a member of the EU?"
Usain Bolt believes he can lower both his 100m and 200m world records, and aims to be the first man to break 19 seconds for the longer distance.
Studies of teeth from sheep and cattle have provided new insights into farming practices in the Iron Age through to the Late Norse periods in Scotland.
Demonstrators blocked a highway in Arizona as Donald Trump prepared to stage a rally near Phoenix.
The giant panda is no longer an endangered species, following decades of work by conservationists to save it.
A gunman has killed three people in a shooting spree at the Palace of Justice in Milan in northern Italy.
A Cardiff holidaymaker has been reunited with the mystery man who saved her from drowning off a French beach.
Southampton manager Claude Puel says he would like to see video technology used for offside after Manolo Gabbiadini's disallowed goal in the 3-2 EFL Cup final defeat by Manchester United.
A man has been jailed for killing his baby son after squeezing his chest and shaking him.
The head of Swiss insurer Zurich has said he sees "significant benefits" in buying UK rival and bid target RSA.
A five-year-old boy has died in a suspected drowning at a water park.
A seven-year-old girl who became internationally renowned for tweeting about life in East Aleppo has posted a photo of her destroyed home.
Tesco has fired the starting gun on an expected sell-off of non-core assets, with the sale of some of its stake in Asian online business Lazada.
Ross County survived a late onslaught from Motherwell for their first league win of 2016, moving them up to fourth in the Premiership.
A Powys village school funded by an aristocrat for 291 years will close on Friday.
St Mirren manager Jack Ross is adamant he is happy at the club despite reported summer interest from Dundee.
Almost 84,000 new cars were sold in February in the UK - the highest level for the month since 2004.
A run of poor sleep can have a potentially profound effect on the internal workings of the human body, say UK researchers.
How cute are these otter pups?
A woman who risked her life to save her Jewish friend from the Nazis has been honoured by the state of Israel at a ceremony in Jersey.
The government and the cabinet "is united".
Norwich midfielder Alex Tettey needs ankle surgery and is likely to miss the rest of the season, says Canaries manager Alex Neil.
Championship winners Leigh Centurions have signed St Helens utility back Matty Dawson for a five-figure transfer fee on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
Police are to conduct a review after Millwall fans were involved in crowd trouble during the League One play-off final with Barnsley at Wembley.
A fourth generation farmer has found a novel way to diversify his business by showing movies in his fields.
A man has been jailed for attempted rape despite police not knowing who he is or finding his victim.
Jordan Nobbs has been named England player of the year at the Football Association Women's Football Awards.
Pop star Madonna has been labelled "breathtakingly arrogant" after coming on stage over two hours late in Brisbane, Australia.
Two osprey chicks have hatched at a nature reserve in Powys despite fears their parents had paired up too late in the mating season.
Free wi-fi is to be provided in all NHS buildings in a bid to improve services and reduce costs, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said.
The former head of the Downing Street policy unit, Camilla Cavendish, assesses government efforts to control traffic pollution.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after an incident outside a West Lothian nightclub.
Around half of 15 to 17-year-olds have accessed pornography on a smartphone or tablet, according to a survey seen by Newsbeat.
Sony has announced a more powerful version of its PlayStation 4 console at an event in New York.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in its fight with Rangers over the club's use of Employee Benefit Trusts (EBTs).
The last Land Rover Defender has rolled off the production line amid cheers, ending 67 years of the 4x4 being made.
Heavy fog is causing disruption across western Europe, with low visibility leading to significant flight delays.
Three people have been arrested following a disturbance near a demonstration in Glasgow city centre.
Teenage Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract which will keep him at club until 2021.
Top government officials and political parties in Iraq's autonomous Kurdistan Region have agreed to hold a referendum on independence on 25 September.
A war memorial in Devon has been burnt in a "sickening act of mindless vandalism", police say.
Leighton Baines got the winner against Bournemouth to end Everton's poor recent run and ease the pressure on manager Roberto Martinez.
The Vatican bank, officially known as the Institute for Religious Works (IOR), has seen a sharp jump in its profits for 2014.
Mae Chelsea Manning yn dweud ei bod "yn edrych ymlaen at gymaint" wedi iddi gael ei rhyddhau o'r carchar yn America.
A man who failed to take his severely-underweight and flea-infested dog to a vet has been banned from keeping animals for 10 years.
Kenya's anti-terror police have carried out at least 81 extrajudicial killings in country's mainly Muslim coastal region since 2012, a rights group says.
Most of us work to make money - and if it happens to be by doing something we love, we're considered lucky.
Two men were arrested after a violent pitch invasion caused a football match to be abandoned.
Nine people had to be treated in hospital for shock after witnessing an incident on the M27 at Southampton.
Snooker player Alfie Burden has been given a six-month ban - suspended for a year - for placing bets totalling £25,000 on matches including his own.
Bob Howden has stepped down as chairman of British Cycling, but will remain the organisation's president.
The UK's first city-wide electric bike scheme has been launched in Exeter.
British actor Robin Sachs, best known for his role in the hit TV series Buffy The Vampire Slayer, has died at the age of 61.
McLaren driver Fernando Alonso will miss the Monaco Grand Prix in May so he can race in the Indianapolis 500.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead missed out on an Olympic medal in a women's road race marred by a horrific crash.
League One strugglers Shrewsbury Town have re-signed Fulham defender Jack Grimmer on loan and extended the stay of Cottagers midfielder Larnell Cole.
The first female chief of business lobby group the CBI has criticised business dinners as "not very inclusive" for women.
A permanent memorial is to be created as a "fitting, lasting tribute" to the 11 men who were killed in the Shoreham air disaster in August.
(Closed): Wall Street finished with mixed results as a three-day rally showed signs of slowing.
There has been a mixed reaction in the West to the government's announcement that Hinkley C will go ahead.
European commentators have been expressing reluctant acceptance of the EU reform deal tentatively agreed with the UK.
A woman has admitted pretending her dead mother was still alive for more than 20 years so she could carry on drawing her pension.
Brighton have broken their transfer record to sign Dutch midfielder Davy Propper from PSV Eindhoven in a reported £6m deal.
Staff at Lidl supermarkets are being stopped from speaking any language other than English in their UK stores - including Welsh.
Government workers in Zimbabwe have gone on strike over unpaid salaries because of a chronic cash shortage.
Edinson Cavani scored a hat-trick as champions Paris St-Germain set a new record points total in Ligue 1 after an easy win against Ajaccio in Corsica.
It's safe to say 2016 been a truly memorable year for a whole host of reasons - some very good, some utterly awful.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen says Wales are a "dangerous beast" ahead of Saturday's first test in Auckland.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Northern Ireland fell by 1,000 in August to 42,000.
Tonia Couch and Sarah Barrow won World Series silver while Rebecca Gallantree and Hannah Starling took bronze.
Bosses at an NHS trust failed hundreds of breast cancer patients, an independent report has found.
Heavy rain has caused travel problems, flooding a number of routes in the Scottish Borders.
A man claiming to be a police officer raped a teenager at knifepoint after stopping her on a street in north London and accusing her of shoplifting.
The stepbrother of teenager Becky Watts is set to stand trial for her murder.
Hollywood actress Kate Beckinsale, best known for the Underworld Series of films, has given her blessing to the BBC bringing back Porridge.
A plane not certified to travel for long distances over water was used to fly from Los Angeles to Hawaii last month, American Airlines has confirmed.
Scotland has voted to remain part of the United Kingdom, but Scots can still expect significant changes in the taxes they will pay, and the welfare benefits they will receive, as soon as next year.
An exhibition marking the 200th anniversary of Jane Austen's death will feature writings from her teenage years and the original ending she wrote for her novel Persuasion.
A woman whose abusive ex-partner has become subject to a landmark police order has said it will keep her family and other women safe.
Three men have been charged with the murder of a man who died from a serious neck injury in Doncaster.
Tyrone fought back to clinch a 1-16 to 4-6 victory over Derry in a dramatic Dr McKenna Cup encounter at Owenbeg.
An ex-convict suspected in the death of Colorado's prisons chief shed a parolee monitoring device days before the murder, officials have said.
Wales women hockey came from behind to complete a three-Test whitewash over their Scottish counterparts.
More urgency is needed to tackle poverty in Wales, a Labour assembly member has said.
The programme for the 12th Inverness Film Festival has been announced.
England won by 34 runs in the final one-day international at Trent Bridge as New Zealand claimed the series 2-1.
Rory McIlroy is taking nothing for granted despite carrying a six-shot lead into the final round of the Open at Royal Liverpool.
Visitors who rent self-catering properties are thought to be worth almost £300m to the Scottish economy, according to new economic research.
Fly-half Duncan Weir says he is ready to repay the confidence of the Scotland coaches as he prepares for a first Six Nations start of the year in Ireland.
Searches are continuing for the bodies of two men who died in an explosion at a Cardiff steelworks on Wednesday.
Britain's wildlife is in an increasingly fragile state, with animals carrying out vital jobs for farmers being lost more rapidly than others, say scientists.
Flood defence plans for St Asaph are being tested in an exercise, two years after it was swamped when a river burst its banks, killing an elderly resident.
Media groups have reacted angrily after several, including the BBC, were barred from an informal briefing with White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.
Imagine a world where you can vote in an election with your phone, where you buy a house in a matter of hours, or where cash simply doesn't exist.
A disabled man's online appeal for work has been seen by thousands of people.
The director and lead actress of a film about female teenagers that has been an award-winning hit across the Channel say they hope it will pave the way for more French films about young black women.
A three-day stand-off between armed police and a man feared to have stockpiled petrol at his home has ended after officers entered the property.
Great British Bake Off winner Nadiya Hussain said she has had "no offers" from Channel 4 to join the show.
Briton Brydan Klein reached the second round of the Auckland Open with a 6-1 6-7 (6-8) 7-6 (7-3) win over Facundo Bagnis - ranked 269 places above him.
Perhaps the playwright Samuel Beckett was a secret economist.
Former world heavyweight champion David Haye has been advised to retire after major shoulder surgery.
A 51-year-old man has appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a woman in East Yorkshire on Sunday.
Three-time champion Martin Adams was whitewashed 3-0 by Canada's Jeff Smith in the first round of the BDO World Championships at Lakeside.
The US, backed by China, has submitted a draft resolution to the UN Security Council aimed at imposing tougher sanctions on North Korea.
Leicester Tigers boss Richard Cockerill says that England centre Manu Tuilagi's latest injury is "nothing serious" - and that he could still figure in this year's Six Nations.
Squatters who turned an Oxford building into a homeless shelter have been given temporary permission to stay.
The westbound M8 motorway has been closed in central Glasgow following a serious crash.
A man who raped a mother moments after taking her baby from her arms has been jailed for eight years.
Rwanda has suspended BBC broadcasts in the Kinyarwanda language with immediate effect because of a film questioning official accounts of the 1994 genocide.
A senior Pakistani Taliban commander, Latif Mehsud, has reportedly been handed over to Pakistan by the US from Afghanistan.
Two former senior members of staff at a Lincolnshire schools academy group have been cleared of fraud charges.
Five-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan reached the quarter-finals of the World Championship with a 13-5 victory over Matthew Stevens at the Crucible.
Gay couples on the Isle of Man will get the right to a civil partnership after a new law was signed in Tynwald.
Labour MP Jim Murphy has suspended his Scotland-wide tour ahead of the independence referendum, citing "co-ordinated abuse" from "Yes" voters.
A 90-minute match but only 47 minutes and 40 seconds of actual football.
Saudi Arabia's king has appointed his son Mohammed bin Salman as crown prince - replacing his nephew, Mohammed bin Nayef, as first in line to the throne.
Edinburgh City became the first club to be promoted to Scottish League Two through the pyramid system after a dramatic win over East Stirlingshire.
Doncaster Rovers Belles have signed Arsenal Ladies' teenage midfielder Carla Humphrey on loan.
Ladbrokes has reported a £25.2m profit for the first six months of the year compared with last year's £51.4m loss.
Umpire Arnaud Gabas has had surgery to repair a fractured eye socket after he was hit with a ball during Britain's Davis Cup win over Canada last week.
The leader of Bolton Council has vowed to oppose any attempt to begin fracking in the region, describing the drilling technique as "a scar on the landscape".
Charlton Athletic have completed the signing of FC Copenhagen striker Igor Vetokele for an undisclosed fee.
Will Young says he is "absolutely dandy" after leaving Strictly Come Dancing, stressing that his early exit is "undramatic".
Contracts worth £250m for the proposed Hinkley C power station have been announced but a campaign group claims the deals are "jumping the gun".
Hundreds of protesters have taken to the streets of a Los Angeles suburb after an off-duty policeman fired a gun during a fracas with teenagers.
Ever wondered why it takes an age for some web pages to load on your mobile phone, even when you have a good signal?
France defender Raphael Varane has been ruled out of the host nation's Euro 2016 campaign with a thigh injury.
"If you're an Indian reading this book in English, it's probably because of Thomas Macaulay," says the front cover blurb on a new biography of a man who foisted the Queen's language on India.
A police officer who tried to cheat his way out of a speeding ticket by changing his car number plates, has been jailed for three months.
Lydia Ko won the Canadian Women's Open to become the youngest tournament winner in LPGA Tour history.
A Belfast bus driver who stopped his bus to give a homeless man a winter coat has won a national award for his kindness.
A woman who spent her life savings on dental implants that had to be removed says she feels "butchered" by her dentist.
A serial criminal who was brought to the ground by the owner of a shop during a failed axe raid has been jailed for six years.
Emi Mahmoud, the reigning World Poetry Slam Champion, has written a poem for the BBC 100 Women season.
Four-time winner John Higgins says opponent Mark Selby is the "big favourite" for the World Championship final, which starts on Sunday.
Luton Town manager Nathan Jones hopes to recruit former Nottingham Forest boss Paul Hart to work alongside him at Kenilworth Road.
A councillor in Blackpool, which has England's highest smoking rate among pregnant women, has defended the town's record.
While Wales football fans enjoy the hospitality of France for Euro 2016, one will be sleeping rough.
Outgoing Fifa president Sepp Blatter says he will not return to football - even if his six-year ban is overturned.
A woman who became a campaigner against domestic violence after her son was killed by his father last February has been named Australian of the Year.
Lincoln's West Parade police station will close by 2019, the Police and Crime Commissioner has said.
It was easy to spot a so-called "three-day millionaire" in Grimsby in the 1950s.
Political parties have been reacting to a poll suggesting that 53% of voters in Scotland would back independence if there was another referendum.
A man believed to be in his 20s has been shot dead in Dublin.
Theresa May has said the US and Europe are "united" in condemning atrocities in Syria and has warned Russia of the possibility of more sanctions.
Scotland's government and health boards have failed to plan effectively for long-term staffing challenges, Audit Scotland has said.
Three Liverpool Ladies players, including England midfielder Fara Williams, are set to miss the majority of the club's remaining games this season after picking up injuries.
Hundreds of migrants were given a warm welcome when they arrived at Munich train station in Germany.
South Sudan's sacked Vice-President Riek Machar no longer has a role to play as a political leader in the country, the presidency says.
Germany's national intelligence agency, the BND, spied on top French officials and the EU's headquarters on behalf of US intelligence, German media report.
Norwegian cross-country skier Marit Bjoergen won the women's 30km mass start to become the most decorated female Winter Olympian.
A man who suffered a broken pelvis when he was run over at speed on a petrol station forecourt has said he is "upset" the driver was not jailed.
Saracens hooker Schalk Brits has been banned for three weeks after admitting a charge of striking an opponent.
Police officers in Belfast will wear body cameras while on duty from Wednesday.
Plans to build a 25 metre swimming pool, that will join two 10 storey tower blocks, have been announced.
England require their best-ever fourth-innings run chase to beat Pakistan in the second Test after a dire third day.
A 20-year-old Romanian man had a lucky escape after stowing away on a plane flying from Vienna to London.
Jordan Spieth defended himself after being called "garbage" by an internet "troll" as he narrowly made the cut at the Valspar Championship in Florida.
Britain's Ricky Burns was given a stern test as he made a successful first defence of his WBA world super-lightweight title against Kiryl Relikh.
San Francisco has brought in a new law saying that pet shops can only sell cats and dogs that come from rescue centres.
If you submit an image, you do so in accordance with the BBC's terms and conditions.
US singer Kelly Clarkson has been thwarted in her bid to take a ring which once belonged to Jane Austen out of the UK.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Mannir Dan Ali, editor-in-chief of Nigeria's Daily Trust paper, looks at why the Nigerian president is finding it hard to please anyone.
The insurance group Aviva is to axe around 30 jobs at its office in Belfast, a company spokesman has told the BBC.
Skyfall director Sam Mendes is to direct the 24th James Bond film, due for release in 2015, it has been announced.
"Significant quantities" of human remains have been discovered at the site of a former mother and baby home in County Galway.
A video which appears to show a Syrian rebel taking a bite from the heart of a dead soldier has been widely condemned.
More Welsh voters think David Cameron would be a better prime minister than Ed Miliband, according to a new poll for BBC Wales.
Oil militancy has made a comeback in Nigeria with a recent wave of attacks carried out by the Niger Delta Avengers.
Francesco Molinari carded a six-under-par final round to beat Masters champion Danny Willett to the Italian Open title by a single shot in Monza.
A fire at a recycling plant which was storing illegal waste was started deliberately, the fire service said.
Newly promoted Premier League side Hull City are interested in signing Reading and Wales defender Chris Gunter.
Former managers at a peanut company have been charged in the US state of Georgia over a salmonella outbreak that caused nine deaths in 2008 and 2009.
A rise in the tax-free personal allowance to £12,500 during the next Parliament is being proposed by the Liberal Democrats.
Andy Murray saw off the threat of Australian rising star Nick Kyrgios with a clinical performance to reach his ninth Wimbledon quarter-final.
An Indian woman stranded in Pakistan for a decade has identified her family in photos sent from across the border.
Turkey has said it plans to escalate its attacks on Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
An elderly California woman has surrendered to police after a 22-hour stand-off, in which the woman shot at a police robot that was sent to communicate with her.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at his home.
Emergency legislation will be brought in next week to force phone and internet companies to log records of customer calls, texts and internet use.
Ethiopia's Olympic marathon silver medallist Feyisa Lilesa crossed his hands above his head as he finished the race in Rio - bringing the world's attention to a wave of protests in his home country.
Manager Tommy Wright says St Johnstone once again have ambitions of a top six spot but realises competition will be fierce this season.
Dozens of people have been killed in air strikes and a suspected gas attack near the Syrian city of Palmyra, monitoring groups say.
Ethiopia's army has surrounded the area in neighbouring South Sudan where it believes more than 100 abducted Ethiopian children are being held, local media report.
Residents of a village near Heathrow Airport say they are being "overwhelmed" by people seeking asylum in the UK.
Tottenham deservedly ended Pep Guardiola's perfect Premier League start and underlined their own title credentials with a thrilling victory over Manchester City at White Hart Lane.
Sir Bruce Forsyth has been told by doctors to have complete rest for at least a week after suffering a fall at his home.
A woman has appeared in court charged with murder and arson after her father died following a house fire in Cardiff.
Barcelona full-back Aleix Vidal will miss the rest of the season after dislocating his right ankle during Saturday's 6-0 La Liga win at Alaves.
Sir Philip Green, the former BHS boss, says the head of the Pensions Regulator gave MPs "incorrect" evidence.
An Indian court has ordered the government to release thousands of dollars in funds belonging to the environmental pressure group Greenpeace.
The sense of optimism at Wrexham ahead of the new National League season is reflected by the increase in season ticket sales at the north Wales club.
Broxtowe's Labour candidate has said he is prepared to vote against his party on the HS2 rail project if elected.
At least 42 people have been killed and 58 have been injured in General Motors vehicles that suffered from an ignition switch defect, according to the latest report by the claims administrator.
A senior legal adviser at the European Court of Justice has said the UK's position on pollution levels at a south Wales power station is "untenable".
A 46-year-old man has been charged after a police appeal about someone asking women for a piggyback while they were out running.
The cycling revolution has begun and now Belfast is hoping to join in.
The Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) has said it hopes to start building a new Casement Park stadium next year and play matches at the ground by 2019.
One and a half kilograms of what is believed to be Semtex plastic explosive have been found at a block of flats in north Belfast.
Wales will play Georgia for the first time at the Principality Stadium in the 2017 autumn series.
The US is investigating whether the attack in Libya that killed the US ambassador and several other people was planned in advance, officials say.
About 13,000 moths have been captured and recorded by citizen scientists in southern England in a project described as the largest of its kind.
The joint commitment from the worldâ€™s super-polluters, announced on Saturday, is a big step towards turning the Paris climate agreement into reality.
Australia's largest independent beer company has found itself at the centre of a boycott over a video discussing same-sex marriage.
In the latest of our series of letters from African journalists, Yousra Elbagir criticises the Sudanese government's failure to get to grips with a cholera outbreak.
Aden Flint scored a late winner as Bristol City climbed out of the Championship relegation zone with victory at fellow strugglers Wigan.
Black Country residents have mocked TV presenter Piers Morgan by wearing masks of his face while riding a visitor attraction he publicly criticised.
Koalas have quickly learned to use wildlife passageways to cross busy roads in Australia's Queensland state as they move between habitats, writes Myles Gough.
Changing the school week to four longer days and a half day could save money, a report has said.
The nation fell silent for two minutes on Wednesday to remember the nation's war dead on Armistice Day.
Taylor Swift has been named woman of the year at this year's Elle Style Awards.
If left untreated, young children's mental health problems could spiral in adulthood, warns a report.
Hibernian boss Neil Lennon insists there is no "bung culture" in Scottish football but says he was aware of a problem during his time in England.
Indonesian police have arrested six people they say were planning to attack Singapore.
Organisers of this summer's music festivals have been asked by the government to warn about "legal highs".
The future role of Guernsey States-owned airline Aurigny will form part of a review into its services.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was assaulted in a pub car park.
The Perseid Meteor shower is lighting up the night skies and many kids across the UK are staying up late to enjoy it.
Moises Henriques has been released from hospital following the on-field collision with Surrey team-mate Rory Burns that left him with a broken jaw.
London Paralympic champion Jonnie Peacock insists he is not the favourite for the T44 100m crown in Rio, despite being ranked world number one.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have found pieces of fabric on land close to where he was last seen.
English rugby union club Wasps has reached its £35m target with the sale of its seven-year bond.
Baby Jude weighed just 1lb 12oz when he was born 16 weeks prematurely.
British reggae band UB40 have praised Jeremy Corbyn as an "incorruptible politician" who will put working people first as they backed his campaign to remain as Labour leader.
Goalline technology will be used in this season's Championship play-offs before being introduced in all second-tier matches in 2017-18, the English Football League has said.
Egypt's presidential election has entered a third day after the military-backed interim authorities extended voting in an effort to boost turnout.
Barnsley owner Patrick Cryne will not be involved in the club "for the foreseeable future" while he receives cancer treatment.
UK astronaut Tim Peake has tweeted a selfie of his historic spacewalk.
The final element of a £1.7m investment package has been secured to finance a regeneration programme for conservation areas within Stranraer.
Senegalese singer Thione Seck has been charged with money laundering after fake banknotes worth millions of euros and dollars were found in his house.
A dairy industry leader in Wales has called for more fairness in the supply chain following a dramatic drop in the price farmers get for their milk.
Swedish fashion retailer Hennes & Mauritz (H&M) has said "strong" store and online expansion led to improved sales and profits in the first quarter.
Leaders Cardiff Devils came from 3-0 down to beat their main rivals for the Elite League title in Belfast.
He is Georgia's richest man and his followers have just ousted President Mikheil Saakashvili's ruling party from power in a shock election result, so what else do we know of Bidzina Ivanishvili?
The former head of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, has agreed to become an economic adviser to the Serbian government, officials in Belgrade say.
At least 68 people are reported to have been killed in fresh clashes between government troops and Houthi rebels in north-west Yemen near the Saudi border.
A blanket and a donation to a rare possum sanctuary from the Australian government are among gifts sent from around the world to Princess Charlotte.
A British woman, who was charged with having extra-marital sex in Dubai after reporting she was raped, has had all charges against her dropped.
British divers have claimed their second medal of the World Aquatics Championships with Tom Daley and Rebecca Gallantree combining to win gold in the team event.
The silver Mercedes train marches on, but the first grand prix of the 2016 Formula 1 season will be remembered as one that Ferrari threw away.
A&E delays in England have reached record levels, official figures show.
Dick Costolo is stepping down as chief executive of Twitter, the company has announced.
Hong Kong-based airline Cathay Pacific has announced a ban on shipments of shark fin in a move that has been welcomed by conservationists.
A fraction of the hundreds of victims of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham have sought help, according to a lawyer for some of the survivors.
Four drivers are being treated in hospital after being injured in a crash involving three lorries and a van on the M8.
Work on flood protection in Powys has been stopped due to an objector to the scheme.
Divers in Guernsey will be hit with a £30,000 charge if they require treatment for decompression sickness, the government has confirmed.
The driver of a car involved in a single-vehicle crash in West Sussex in which two men died has been arrested.
Hundreds of people are taking part in a fundraising walk in Bristol to remember Becky Watts who was killed last month.
A Dundee councillor currently under investigation for allegedly sending anti-Islamic texts to a Muslim colleague has resigned.
India's government is trying to spend its way out of the trouble caused by last year's decision to ban high value notes in a crackdown on corruption, writes columnist Vivek Kaul.
Creating the poll tax was a "serious mistake", one of the architects of the ill-fated charge has said.
Scott Brash, part of Team GB's Olympic gold-medal winning showjumping team at London 2012, will miss the Rio Games.
The European Parliament has adopted a resolution calling for an arms embargo on Saudi Arabia over alleged breaches of international law in Yemen.
A demonstrator has been killed in clashes with government troops in Indian-administered Kashmir, following a visit there by PM Narendra Modi.
A police force is to axe its mounted unit in order to cut costs.
A prison officer became the "paid mole" of a reporter working at the Daily Mirror and News of the World over five years, a court has heard.
Christchurch Borough Council's leader and deputy have been ousted by their colleagues after a vote of no confidence.
The 66-year-old Fields twins, from Missouri, have lived together all their lives - now they are even closer after sharing their skin.
Wales will have the "toughest" and the "best" teacher training system in the UK, the education minister has pledged.
Chilean President Sebastian Pinera has praised as "brave and mature" a pregnant 11-year-old rape victim who said she was happy to have the child.
Fidel Castro ruled Cuba as a one party state for almost half a century.
A man is in a critical condition after being hit by a bus in the Easterhouse area of Glasgow.
Essex have signed New Zealand fast bowler Neil Wagner for the first half of the 2017 County Championship season and One-Day Cup.
Yeovil and Exeter played out an uninspiring goalless draw at Huish Park.
A baby was removed from its vulnerable mother unlawfully, a judge has ruled.
A Manchester-based company that pretended it was linked to Google has been closed following an investigation by the UK's Insolvency Service.
More than in any other country, Iraq's future is intimately bound up with the fate of self-styled Islamic State (IS).
A deer burst through the glass doors of a supermarket and ran amok before being caught by a man shopping for medicine for his cold, local media report.
Plans to cut down on the "annoying" cookie banners that web users face have been released by the European Union.
The boyfriend of a student who drowned in Thailand has spoken of the "big open space where [she] should be".
Murshidabad in rural West Bengal is in many ways a typical rural Indian district: a dusty, remote place dotted with villages that have little access to healthcare or infrastructure.
Three Welsh police forces have seen huge rises in the number of complaints they received last year.
Russia has accused the European Union of imposing "creeping" economic sanctions following Bulgaria's decision to halt construction of a gas pipeline.
West Indies' Kraigg Brathwaite achieved the best Test bowling figures by an opening batsman for more than half a century on day three of the second Test against Sri Lanka in Colombo.
Ugandan officials have seized some two tonnes (4,600lb) of ivory - one of the country's biggest such hauls for many years.
At least 23 people have died after a tourist bus fell from a cliff near the southern Turkey seaside resort of Marmaris.
Hundreds of people were evacuated and three men taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a west London hotel.
Godolphin trainer Mahmood Al Zarooni has been banned from racing for eight years after doping horses at one of the world's leading racing operations.
Centre Mark Bennett is confident Scotland can end their nine-game Six Nations losing run and win their final three games of this year's tournament.
League One club Northampton Town have signed Burnley striker Chris Long on a season-long loan deal.
Harlequins and Gloucester shared 10 tries in an epic 39-39 Premiership draw at Twickenham.
A new stage musical of Groundhog Day is to have its world premiere at the Old Vic in London next year.
Martin Gould said he felt the pressure in the early stages of his 6-3 last-16 UK Championship win over Joe Swail.
A 92-year-old man has been found guilty of using a chatroom to incite what he believed were 11 and 12-year-old girls to engage in sexual activity.
Rising British star Lando Norris had an impressive first test in a current Formula 1 car with McLaren.
Pong and Doom have been inducted into the first Video Game Hall of Fame.
The owner of Argos and Homebase, Home Retail Group, has warned that its full-year underlying profits are set to fall below market expectations.
A bomb has exploded outside a Shia mosque in Saudi Arabia, reportedly killing at least four people.
Reece Thompson's second-half goal handed North Ferriby their first ever away win in the fifth tier as they beat struggling Gateshead.
A judge in Pakistan has dismissed an application for bail from the father of Samia Shahid, who was allegedly killed in a so-called "honour killing".
Britain's financial regulator created a false market in shares of life insurers last year, a group of MPs has said.
Dozens of troops and militants have been killed in clashes in eastern Yemen, Yemeni security sources say.
Internet giant Google has changed the tagline on the homepage of its Palestinian edition from "Palestinian Territories" to "Palestine".
The former First Sea Lord and Chief of the Naval Staff has told the BBC that it would be "unforgiveable" if large scale steel production ended in the UK.
The US Congress is considering a significant piece of legislation to punish Moscow for alleged interference in last year's election.
Pope Francis has condemned those who fail to help migrants, during his traditional Easter speech in Rome.
Somali Islamist fighters have attacked a hotel in a strategic central town the militants lost control of last week.
Credit ratings are used by lenders when deciding whether to accept an application for credit.
Staff in the South Eastern Trust have been sent an email instructing them not to express political opinions on social media.
18-year-old Kiran Carlson enjoyed a dream Championship debut for Glamorgan, claiming five wickets with his spin as Northants stumbled to 269 all out.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a teenager shot and killed outside a barber's shop in Leeds.
Disney's The Jungle Book has topped the North American box office for the third consecutive week, taking $42.4m (£29m) according to early estimates.
Alesha Dixon is to become the latest celebrity to try her hand at writing books for children.
Mortgage lending in 2015 was the highest for seven years, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML).
Staff should be allowed to dress down and work flexible hours during the hot spell of weather, the TUC has said.
Only the hardest of hearts would not be moved by the latest images of the people who have been caught up in the danger and chaos of this mass movement.
Martin's behind the scenes at CBBC's Summer Social and caught up with author Cressida Cowell.
Parisians have laid flowers and lit candles at the former office of Charlie Hebdo ahead of the anniversary on Thursday of the attack on the magazine.
You will probably have seen them in some of your favourite films, but what is it like in a real American high school?
The US economy grew at an annual rate of 3.5% in the July-September quarter, the Commerce Department has said.
An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.0 has shaken northern California, causing injuries and damage to buildings.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats can "defy expectations" in the forthcoming assembly elections, the party's leader has insisted.
Croatia midfielder Niko Kranjcar has signed for Rangers on a two-year deal after completing a medical.
A man suspected of killing his family in West Yorkshire had been previously jailed for domestic violence.
Police are searching for at least two people over the shooting of a marketing executive who was shot in his own home.
The government's spending review that will set out departmental budget cuts over the next five years will take place on 25 November.
David Masters took 7-52 to put Division Two leaders Essex in a strong position against Worcestershire on the opening day at Chelmsford.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has urged Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump to apologise to a Muslim protester ejected from one of his rallies.
We have asked four wise old heads what they expect to happen over the next seven weeks in the Six Nations.
British high jumper Isobel Pooley is currently working towards a place in Team GB's squad for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Wood Group, the oilfield services firm based in Aberdeen, has reported half year revenue falling 17%.
Singer-songwriter Yusuf, formerly known as Cat Stevens, has said the harrowing death of Syrian toddler Aylan Kurdi inspired his latest song.
The new Hull City manager is facing an "impossible task", according to former captain Ian Ashbee.
Britain's Andy Murray will try and "find a way to get the win" when he takes on in-form Stan Wawrinka in the French Open semi-finals on Friday.
A former Dutch MP and prominent critic of conservative Islam, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, has cancelled a speaking tour of Australia and New Zealand citing security concerns.
A tunnel has been discovered in a Mexican prison, stashed with drugs, alcohol and sharp tools, according to local authorities.
A twelve hundred year old Viking sword has been found buried in rocks in southern Norway.
Your next holiday might seem like a long way off but there's a row brewing about when schoolkids in England should be able to take them.
Nobel-winning psychologist Daniel Kahneman famously pioneered the idea that people tend to fear loss twice as much as they prefer gains.
You may know Kwame Kwei-Armah best as the paramedic Finlay Newton in the BBC's Casualty.
Coventry City have signed centre-back Rod McDonald from Northampton for an undisclosed fee.
A suspected sex offender may have groomed teenagers before being arrested owing to "significant delays" by Nottinghamshire Police, a report found.
The Ulster Orchestra has told Stormont's culture committee it cannot cut more staff to save money, while it tackles a £500,000 gap in funding.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Canadian Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland was choking back tears as reporters cornered her in Brussels.
Pedro Caixinha felt his Rangers team gave Celtic too much respect as they lost the Scottish Cup semi-final 2-0.
A man jailed for life for murdering and dismembering a mother-of-three has launched a bid to quash his conviction.
Theresa May's Â£1bn deal with the Democratic Unionist Party to back her minority government has been branded "a bung" and "shabby" by opposing parties.
A thief who stole a wallet and mobile phone from a man who lay dying from stab wounds has been sentenced.
Kenyan counter-terrorism officers have been accused of carrying out extra-judicial killings and other abuses in a report by US and Kenyan rights groups.
Christmas shoppers are being warned to check their presents after a raft of fake goods were seized on their way into the UK.
Plans to build a new water sports centre in Porthcawl have been approved, despite concerns it could spoil the coastline.
Manchester City's friendly trip to face Major League Soccer side Houston Dynamo is in doubt after flooding in the city.
Scientists at a Welsh university hope to help turn frankincense into the next new "super-ingredient".
Lessons must be learned in Scotland from the Rotherham child abuse scandal, according to a children's charity.
A prisoner who escaped from hospital in northern Australia was rearrested about 1,000km (620 miles) away still wearing handcuffs.
The Australian government says up to 70,000 New Zealanders will be eligible for citizenship under a new agreement.
A leading paediatrician has warned of the dangers of lithium batteries after two children swallowed them and died.
Match reports from Saturday's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Italian rider Ivan Basso has withdrawn from the Tour de France after revealing he has testicular cancer.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won seven frames in a row to beat Neil Robertson 9-5 and win his fourth Welsh Open title.
Dogs have been bringing relaxation and calmness to students revising for sitting exams at Ulster University (UU).
The body of a cat missing its head and tail has been found in a Staffordshire garden.
Derby County's players must show pride in the last eight games of a season of underachievement even if they fail to reach the play-offs, says midfielder Craig Bryson.
Following a number of deaths and serious accidents on a main route through Swansea, a new one-way system will be introduced in the autumn.
Wycombe Wanderers club captain Matt Bloomfield has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
A theatre manager in Belfast has questioned why the arts in Northern Ireland receives less funding than other parts of the UK.
India has blocked free access to 857 porn sites in what it says is a move to prevent children from accessing them.
Scientists believe they could be a step closer to finding out whether there was life on Mars.
Irish Taoiseach (PM) Leo Varadkar has engaged in some "sock diplomacy" in his first meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in Dublin.
A group of vulnerable Cuban migrants have been flown by the Costa Rican authorities to a Mexican border town, from where they are expected to enter the US.
The Welsh Tories need a designated leader that can make key decisions for the party, Andrew RT Davies has said.
An investigation has been launched into the attempted murder of two men who had travelled to Edinburgh to buy a car.
Leeds United manager Garry Monk has blamed Charlie Taylor's withdrawal from the squad at Wigan on Sunday on the defender's advisors.
Cheltenham Festival racegoers will be restricted to buying four alcoholic drinks at a time in a bid to crack down on anti-social antics.
Teenage girls are more likely than boys to think that going to university is a good idea, new research suggests.
The World Health Organization says air pollution in many of the world's cities is breaching its guidelines.
Allan Mukhwana has been instrumental in ensuring that more than 1,400 households in high-risk malaria zones in rural Kenya receive insecticide-treated mosquito nets.
Bernie Sanders can now boast four wins in a row and victories in six of the last seven contests for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Essex have signed New Zealand A fast bowler Matt Quinn on a three-year deal.
Middlesex batter Fran Wilson has been awarded a central contract by the England and Wales Cricket Board for 2016-17.
Bangladeshi police have charged seven people, including an opposition politician, over the murder of an Italian aid worker.
Susie Rodgers improved her own S7 50m butterfly European record to win one of three golds for Great Britain on day two of the IPC Swimming Open European Championships in Madeira.
Former Real Madrid footballer Roberto Carlos wore a body camera at the legends match against Roma on Sunday 11 June.
Uncertainty around Brexit has dragged UK business output and optimism to three-year lows, a report suggests.
The final residents' parking zone (RPZ) has been introduced in Bristol.
Wolverhampton is the least prosperous area in the UK, according to findings from an international think-tank.
The BBC has confirmed that its iPlayer service is coming to the new Apple TV.
Dublin side Cuala will be Slaughtneil's opponents in the All-Ireland Club Hurling semi-finals in February after they won the Leinster title on Sunday.
A mosque in Birmingham was undergoing renovations when it collapsed, it has emerged.
A woman accused of harming her seven-year-old granddaughter has told a court she was beaten as a child.
Human remains have been found by police searching for a woman in Exeter.
A senior Vatican priest, stripped of his post after admitting being in a gay relationship, has launched a scathing attack on the Roman Catholic Church.
World number one and defending champion Serena Williams suffered a shock defeat in the fourth round of the Miami Open.
A man who stabbed a drug dealer to death showed no remorse after the knife went in, a jury has heard.
Ground-breaking rap act NWA, Deep Purple and Chicago have been announced as inductees of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
The turnaround completed by England to beat India so convincingly in Mumbai and Kolkata after the big defeat in Ahmedabad is truly remarkable.
Fly-tipping was reported almost 107 times every hour across England, as the number of incidents rose for the third year in a row.
A prisoner has died and two others were critically injured in a stabbing at HMP Pentonville, leading to claims the prison system is in a "dark place".
The Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS) is hunting for at least two lions which have escaped from Nairobi National Park bordering the capital, Nairobi.
The main Brexit campaign in the EU referendum is adapting tactics in the final phase, as a series of polls suggest that momentum is building up behind the Remain side.
A legal challenge to plans to build a 103-turbine wind farm in the centre of Shetland has been adjourned.
A police dog that broke its neck in two places while chasing suspected muggers is at home recovering from its ordeal.
A fifth UK jihadist fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria has been added to a UN sanctions list.
Newspaper publisher Trinity Mirror plans to print some of its Welsh titles in London and Oxford when it closes its presses in Cardiff, BBC Wales has learned.
Dutch scientists have used stem cells to create strips of muscle tissue with the aim of producing the first lab-grown hamburger later this year.
A £15m discounted bus travel scheme for young people has been launched.
A trucker who raised nearly £200,000 for relatives of the driver killed in the Berlin Christmas market attack has been thanked by the Polish ambassador at a ceremony in London.
Athletes have been warned to prepapre for an updated list of banned substances coming into force in 2017.
The gap between black and white pupils' achievement is widening in the USA - so what are the causes and what barriers are preventing this problem being overcome?
Gary Charles fought alcoholism throughout his career, but still managed to play for England and feature in Wembley cup finals.
Head teachers say they are axing GCSE and A-level subjects, increasing class sizes and cutting support services as they struggle with school funding.
A Star Wars fan who bought a toy 25 years ago for £50 has sold it at auction in Teesside for £18,000.
Livingston have decided to remain a full-time club despite being relegated to Scottish League One and have handed head coach David Hopkin a new contract.
The secretary of state has said the prospect of Westminster taking powers to legislate for welfare changes in NI is not realistic.
Scotland's political leaders have called a general election "truce" to mark the death of MP Jo Cox.
The US ambassador to the UN has begun a visit to the three nations worst hit by the Ebola outbreak, criticising the level of international support so far.
A major signal failure at London Bridge has caused severe disruption for commuters trying to reach central London from Kent and the South East.
A woman has been rescued from the sea after getting into difficulty during a charity surfing festival in Cornwall.
Head coach Mark Sampson said his players deserve to be legends after achieving the best placed finish by an England team since the men's side won the World Cup in 1966.
John Cleese is reported to be in talks to return to the BBC for a sitcom which has been written specifically for him.
European Union (EU) troops have taken control of security at the Central African Republic's (CAR) main airport.
A lorry carrying stone shed its load on to a car in a crash in the Cotswolds.
In the sun-bleached corner of Nelson Mandela's old prison yard on Robben Island, the desiccated remains of a tiny, weed-ridden garden lie exposed and sadly neglected.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown admits he cannot explain why his side's white-ball cricket has been inconsistent this season.
Authorities are searching for a suspect who hurled a homemade incendiary device into a crowded restaurant in Pasadena, California.
Jose Mourinho proclaimed that he is "the Happy One" on his return to Chelsea, adding that he is calmer and a better manager than he has ever been.
The youngest British soldier to be killed in Afghanistan has been honoured in his home town - seven years after he died.
Kenya shocked Fiji 30-7 in the final of the Singapore Rugby Sevens to claim their first World Series title.
Seventy years ago one of the most unlikely battles of World War Two took place, at Itter in the Austrian Alps.
Steven Pressley thinks the manager's job at Dundee United is "an exceptional opportunity" but says he is not interested in a return to Tannadice.
The gap between those educated privately and by the state is getting wider and social mobility is weaker than 30 years ago, Ian Hislop has told an audience of south London teenagers.
There might have been a few concerned England batsmen when news filtered through that the decision review system (DRS) will be in place for their tour of India next month.
Irish people around the world raised a glass or two in honour of their patron saint on St Patrick's Day.
A National Archive of Historic Mountaineering Images is to be launched by the British Mountaineering Council (BMC) later this year.
One of three schoolgirls who left east London last year to join so-called Islamic State (IS) is believed to have been killed in a Russian air strike in Syria, her family solicitor has said.
Republic of Ireland footballer James McClean has surprised a team of children with Down's syndrome following a social media appeal.
Only Labour can stop the Tories from decimating public services, the first minister has told the Welsh Labour conference in Swansea.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has overhauled his campaign team for the second time in two months, with two new leaders.
A motorcyclist killed in a crash on the A93 has been named by police.
Four drivers have admitted falling asleep while operating trams in Croydon, where seven people were killed after a tram derailed in November 2016.
Mark Zuckerberg has said Facebook will do more to tackle fake news, and again denied it had in any way aided Donald Trump's presidential election victory.
BBC West Africa correspondent Thomas Fessy looks at the lessons we can learn from the coup in Burkina Faso, which has been reversed just a week after the presidential guards seized power:
Carmaker Jaguar Land Rover has teamed up with virtual band Gorillaz to find 5,000 staff to enhance its expertise in autonomous and electric technology.
A driver who knocked down and killed two sisters on a pedestrian crossing has been jailed for four years.
Plans for three wind farms in the south of Scotland have been revealed.
Roads have been closed around Aberdeen beach following the discovery of an ordnance device.
A former councillor who stood by his decision to allow a serial rapist to get a licence to drive a taxi is standing for election.
Barack Obama may not get quite the rapturous welcome he did when he visited Kenya as a senator back in 2006, but his presence in his ancestral home is something of a coup for the Kenyan leadership, and he is expected to be warmly received.
Wigan coach Shaun Wane says Michael McIlorum will miss the rest of the year after suffering a broken ankle in the World Club Series defeat by Brisbane.
Southend got their play-off challenge back on track with a comfortable win at 10-man Chesterfield, who are all-but relegated.
A care home has been fined £100,000 after an 85-year-old resident died after becoming trapped between a wardrobe and a radiator.
David Cameron must accept the failure of the government's manifesto pledge to reduce migration into the UK, two leading Vote Leave MPs have said.
Glenavon will make an appeal after they were punished by the Irish FA for fielding suspended player David Elebert against Portadown on Boxing Day.
Antrim will hope Neil McManus' absence will not unduly hinder them in Saturday's Christy Ring Cup game against Down at Cushendall.
Dubbed one of the biggest test cheating scandals in the US, more than 170 teachers and principals were found to have helped cheating in exams in 2009.
The Ulster Unionist Party is to have talks with the Democratic Unionists about an electoral pact in the "next few days", Tom Elliott has said.
Scottish business activity has picked up slightly but still lags well behind England, according to a monthly survey of purchasing managers.
A 13-year-old boy who fell into a Greater Manchester canal in a "tragic accident" has died, police said.
Yorkshire rider Dean Harrison is targeting a first top-three finish at the North West 200 next month.
The maker of a drone designed to carry loads of up to 500kg (1,100lb) says it plans to see if it can fly itself between trees and other obstacles before the end of the year.
The company that developed 3D printed gun parts has announced plans to launch a new firm, dedicated to copyright-free blueprints for a range of 3D printable objects.
John McGinn says Hibernian fear no-one after reaching the Scottish Cup semi-finals for the third successive year.
Investors in Tokyo are waiting in line to sell off more shares of Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
Fulham claimed a third Championship win in a row with a comfortable victory at Ashton Gate that left Bristol City just two points above the relegation zone.
Once upon a time long ago, two boys born in the same city in the same year grew up as neighbours - one at number four Angelina Street in the old Tiger Bay area of Cardiff, the other at number seven.
Rejections for disabled parking badge applications have leapt up since tougher measures were introduced.
All images are subject to copyright.
US Sgt Bowe Bergdahl has been released five years after being captured by Afghan Taliban, in a controversial exchange for five Taliban officials being held at Guantanamo Bay.
Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has said that she is undergoing tests for a kidney transplant.
Ghana is planning to recruit 177 doctors from Cuba to work at state-run hospitals hit by a doctors' strike, Health Minister Alex Segbefia has said.
An activist investor in Akzo Nobel has increased the pressure on the Dulux paint owner by calling for its chairman to be removed.
Plans to expand a University of Sheffield research centre could create more than 1,800 new jobs, it has been claimed.
On the face of it, it is an election that will change the face of Spanish politics.
A police officer has published a damning resignation letter on social media criticising police for "putting their employees last".
Colleges across Scotland are reporting strong demand from sporting estates for newly-trained gamekeepers.
People in Pakistan woke up on Wednesday to yet another devastating attack on an educational institution in the Peshawar valley region.
Thieves fled empty-handed after an attempted raid on a cash machine in Aberdeenshire failed.
Firemen in northern Honduras have found the remains of four teenage boys who were kidnapped on 31 January.
The man behind an animal show featuring performing lions and tigers has denied his animals suffer in captivity.
A woman has suffered serious head injuries after being hit by a police car in Rugby.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says anyone found guilty of corruption in football should be banned for life.
The far-right Jobbik party in Hungary has made gains in local elections won convincingly by Prime Minister Viktor Orban's ruling nationalist Fidesz.
Actor Matthew Perry is claiming that he once "beat up" Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
A fund which supports more than 21,000 people with severe disabilities is to be phased out by 2015.
The cost of renting a home rose by 4.6% in the year to the end of April, the fastest rise since November 2010, property group LSL has said.
The bodies of dozens of victims of the Srebrenica massacre are being taken back to the Bosnian town for burial.
Britain's Andy Murray swept past Kei Nishikori to reach the final of the Rogers Cup in Montreal and guarantee a return to second in the world rankings.
India spinner Ravichandran Ashwin has been named the International Cricket Council's world player of the year.
Does the World Trade Organization matter anymore?
A supporters' group says English Football League fans are "angry" about the cost of tickets for away games, with some paying 40% more than Premier League prices.
South Yorkshire Police has appointed its second interim chief in the wake of the Hillsborough inquests.
Chris Gayle is among the West Indies players who could now play in this year's one-day series in England after a "temporary amnesty" between their union and the team's cricket board.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro admits Sam Nicholson was "foolish" to spit in the direction of an assistant referee in the defeat at St Johnstone.
Life's tough when you're small.
Twenty people, including three teenage boys, have been charged following a drugs raid in Newport on Wednesday.
A judge has allowed Uber drivers in California to take legal action to determine whether they are contractors or employees.
The incidence of Lyme disease on Uist is far greater than that on neighbouring islands, according to figures gathered by BBC Gaelic News.
These Vienna talks for the first time include all the external countries involved in the Syria conflict Â­including, crucially, Iran.
Rangers made it six wins out of six in the Scottish Championship with a comfortable victory over Livingston.
A digital film producer has announced plans to increase its Glasgow workforce to 180.
Only one Welsh university got the highest possible score in a new ranking of degree teaching standards.
Teachers could reduce their workload by outsourcing the marking of pupils' school work to staff overseas, suggests a leading education researcher.
Ian Marsden has lifted, cycled, fired and paddled for Great Britain during a sporting career that has seen him requiring reconstructive spinal surgery which left him needing to use a wheelchair.
A 911 dispatcher in the US has resigned after telling a frantic caller who was trying to save the life of a shooting victim to "deal with it yourself".
David Cameron has invited acting Labour leader Harriet Harman to a high-level security meeting about the threat posed by Islamic State (IS) extremists.
A father who killed himself and his sons in a deliberate house fire was identified by one of the boys as the culprit behind the blaze.
The government has started the process of selling more student loan debt to the private financial sector.
Britain's IBF welterweight champion Kell Brook will challenge undisputed world middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin in London on 10 September.
