The families of those who died in the 1989 Hillsborough disaster have been remembering their loved ones at a special service in Liverpool.
The north Belfast derby between Cliftonville and Crusaders could have a huge bearing on the outcome of the Irish Premiership title race.
The British Lionhearts beat the France Fighting Roosters in the World Series of Boxing (WSB) play-off final to claim a place in the WSB semi-finals.
A memorial to three soldiers killed by the IRA in 1971 has been vandalised in what is believed to be a sectarian hate attack.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of another man in a fight in Mitcham, south London.
One of Theresa May's former aides has claimed that the prime minister's two closest advisers are too protective of her and treat other staff badly.
A fire at a primary school in Torfaen on New Year's Day has caused "significant damage", say police.
1. Dr Vanessa van der Linden is a Brazilian doctor who was one of the first to raise concerns about the Zika virus.  2. She is concerned about the possible link between the virus and microcephaly, a condition
A vehicle examiner has told an inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash that he could reach the brake from the back of the vehicle, but that it would have been more difficult for someone of a shorter height.
Taking certain vitamins and minerals may help to protect the body against the damaging effects of air pollution, a small study suggests.
The Old Firm derby is one of the most storied derbies in world football, not because of the quality of the action on the field, but because of the grisliness and Madness surrounding the football.
The fall in the value of sterling since the Brexit vote has had a "very negative impact" on Typhoo Tea, the company's chief executive has said.
An installation celebrating the life of clockmaker John Harrison has gone on display at Nostell Priory.
At least 42 people have died in Indonesia after drinking moonshine laced with methanol.
David Cameron has denied that he is a "closet Brexiteer" and is "absolutely passionate" about the UK remaining in the European Union.
The average length of time it takes for a patient to receive a correct diagnosis for primary bone cancer is 16 weeks, according to the Bone Cancer Research Trust.
A red kite that was treated for an infection and released back into the wild has been found dead.
Machli, one of the world's most photographed tigers, has died aged 20 in India's Ranthambore National Park.
The singer Lily Allen has described how she was stalked for seven years, and how the police failed to protect her.
Bath's European Champions Cup campaign ended with a defeat by Toulon, who went through as one of three best runners-up.
A man who stood as a Labour Party candidate in the recent local elections in England has been convicted of fare evasion after he knowingly used a bank account with insufficient funds to buy train tickets.
Amy Foster has missed out on qualifying for the final of the women's 100 metres at the European Championships in Amsterdam.
An Englishman has died while diving near La Manga in Spain.
The Jersey Cricket Board has confirmed that the inter-island competition with Guernsey will return from June until August.
More women are taking illegal abortion pills bought online, government figures show.
Yahoo has announced a five-year partnership with Firefox which will see the search engine become the default for the browser in the US.
A charity says men are reluctant to seek support after the loss of a baby, as new figures show nearly 160 stillbirths or neonatal deaths in Wales in 2015.
A man has died in hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeen.
Eastleigh and Forest Green Rovers played out an entertaining 1-1 draw at the Silverlake Stadium.
Members of the Unite union employed by The OCS Group have rejected three separate offers during a long-running dispute over pay.
Andrew Selby has become the fastest Welsh boxer to win a British title, with a points victory over Louis Norman in Cardiff.
A woman who suffocated her father after he begged her to help him end his life has been jailed for life.
A children's heart unit in Leicester that was threatened with closure is to be given a reprieve and will become a national centre for the condition, it has been announced.
A joint police operation in Hampshire and Thames Valley has resulted in the seizure of 63 vehicles and the arrest of 18 people.
Malaysian politician Anwar Ibrahim has been jailed for five years for sodomy, a charge he has always denied.
At least 15 people have been killed and 14 others injured in two separate attacks in Pakistan's north-west.
Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew says Pape Souare will miss four to six months of the season after breaking his thigh in a car crash.
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service has said it is facing delays due to a shortage of staff.
England captain Alastair Cook is out for five as MCC are bowled out for 220 on the second day of their match against Yorkshire.
The Foreign Secretary has ordered a review of how the department spends its aid budget, after reports some of the money was spent on a TV gameshow and finding female mates for an endangered fish.
Fire crews are damping down at the scene of a fire that destroyed a barn and farm vehicles in Hay on Wye.
MSPs are to investigate the legacy of the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Scotland with a view to increasing participation in sport.
Falkirk come from behind to beat Dunfermline Athletic in the Scottish Championship.
Celtic have appointed former Liverpool midfielder Chris Davies as their new assistant manager.
Chuck Berry is set to release a new album of original material next year, his first in almost four decades.
A public vote in the US state of Florida has rejected plans to release genetically modified mosquitoes in a trial to combat the Zika virus.
Britain captain Leon Smith has chosen Jamie Murray and Dom Inglot to play in Saturday's doubles against Australia in the Davis Cup.
A group of fundraisers are walking 150 miles from Bristol to London to raise money for the Bristol and Avon Multiple Sclerosis Centre.
More than 30 million images of child abuse have been seized by police in Scotland during a five-week operation.
A schoolteacher from Scotland has seen his song fail to make the semi-finals of Romania's Eurovision song contest.
The rail regulator has proposed changes to the compensation process for passengers whose trains are delayed or cancelled.
The investigation into the murder of a man who was tortured and had his throat cut is still ongoing, nine years after the crime was committed.
Wigan Athletic have released eight players, including Leon Barnett and Ryan Jennings, following their promotion to the Championship.
Linebacker Brandon Marshall says he will continue to kneel during the US national anthem after first doing so before the Denver Broncos' win over the Carolina Panthers.
Nigeria's auditor general has told parliament that $17bn is missing from the state oil company's accounts.
The legacy of former British Prime Minister David Cameron will depend largely on the success or failure of Brexit, with a successful Brexit potentially leading to him being seen as a "significant transitional figure" and a failure potentially leading to him being seen as a
A 17-year-old girl has died after the car she was in was hit by another vehicle at a petrol station in Renfrewshire.
An event is being held to urge black Africans in Glasgow to attend eye examinations, after research showed they were at "significantly" higher risk of developing glaucoma.
Facebook has announced that its drone designed to beam internet access to remote areas has completed a successful test flight.
A report by the NHS Confederation's Commission on Improving Urgent Care for Older People has called for radical steps to be taken in order to reduce the number of over-65s needlessly ending up in accident and emergency.
St Johnstone moved into the top four of the Scottish Premiership with a 1-0 win at Ross County.
A former policeman has been charged with a series of sexual assaults and misconduct in public office.
An error by Bournemouth Borough Council has resulted in the email addresses of 1,744 people being revealed to other recipients of a mass mailing.
A student who campaigned against religious extremism in Bangladesh has been hacked to death with machetes and shot, police say.
Cuts to police budgets are putting the quality of forensic science at risk, two MPs have warned.
Chelsea have apologised to former youth team player Garry Johnson after he was paid £50,000 to keep quiet about allegations of sexual abuse by a former chief scout.
BT has said it is "extremely disappointed" after the government proposed a huge increase in business rates for the telecoms giant.
A 26-year-old man was knocked unconscious in an assault in Lockerbie at the weekend.
A man has described how he survived a bomb blast which killed five members of his family during World War II.
The co-founders of Leon restaurants have been awarded MBEs for their work in improving school dinners in England.
A 17-year-old girl has died and two men are in a serious condition in hospital after a two-car crash in Cumbria.
MPs have backed a bill that gives Stormont's parties more time to negotiate a deal to restore devolution.
A US schoolboat that became lost at sea for nearly two months has been found on a Welsh beach.
Bath head coach Mike Ford and three of his coaching staff have signed new four-year deals with the Premiership club.
President Xi Jinping's politics are based on the idea that China is special and different from other countries.
British number two Cameron Norrie is through to the second qualifying round of the Italian Open after a three-set win over Croatia's Ana Konjuh.
The list of those who have declined honours includes the painter L S Lowry, the writer Aldous Huxley and the physicist Paul Dirac.
A former soldier who served in Iraq and Afghanistan has been told he must leave the UK because he does not earn enough money.
A disabled stunt cyclist who crowdfunded to buy rehabilitation equipment has raised 10 times his original target.
A man who raped a woman after offering her a lift home has been jailed for 12 years.
Free-range poultry farmers are facing a loss of income after the government introduced measures to contain the spread of bird flu.
The UK government has been forced to delay plans to reform the House of Lords after suffering a defeat in the House of Commons.
The mother of Ben Needham, who went missing on the Greek island of Kos in 1991, says she has been warned to "prepare for the worst".
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he will not hesitate to make changes to his team for their last 16 match against Northern Ireland on Saturday, if required.
Two major trade associations in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu have imposed a ban on the sale of Coca-Cola and Pepsi products.
England international striker Fran Kirby has left Chelsea to join Reading on a long-term deal.
Arlene Foster has said she wants to see "a completely independent system" for administering expenses for MLAs in Northern Ireland.
Nigel Farage has been replaced by his deputy on BBC Question Time after being stuck in traffic on the A1.
Eoin Morgan says England are much improved since their last meeting with New Zealand and are full of confidence ahead of their Champions Trophy clash.
Michael Barrymore is to be paid damages after a judge ruled Essex Police unlawfully arrested him 10 years ago on suspicion of rape and murder.
Altior wins the Betfair Exchange Chase, while Native River wins the Denman Chase.
Europe and the United States have announced their teams for this year's Solheim Cup, with eight rookies selected across the two sides.
The European Union's Galileo constellation of navigation satellites has been boosted by the successful launch of four more spacecraft.
A Conservative councillor in Norfolk has been cleared of any wrongdoing after being arrested by police.
Chelsea winger Victor Moses says he is "proud" to represent Nigeria and has an "unwavering commitment" to play for his country.
The UK chancellor, George Osborne, is under pressure to stick to his targets after the Office for Budget Responsibility said the government would have to borrow more than previously forecast.
Cardiff City and Charlton Athletic played out a goalless draw in a match which saw both sides hit the woodwork.
Rangers boss Mark Warburton has hit back at suggestions that his side are in a crisis following their first league defeat of the season.
Families of victims of the MH17 plane crash in Ukraine are suing Russia in the European Court of Human Rights, media reports say.
A US-designated "global terrorist" suspected of co-ordinating suicide bombings for Islamic State has been killed in Syria, the Pentagon says.
Swansea City are interested in signing Chievo striker Alberto Paloschi in January.
The UK government's new immigration rules, introduced in July, make it more difficult for elderly dependent relatives to live with their migrant children in the UK.
A shipwreck off the coast of North Carolina could be that of a Clyde-built blockade runner from the American Civil War.
Alun Cairns will make history on Sunday by becoming the first serving cabinet minister to run the London Marathon.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives has suggested that the National Assembly for Wales should be renamed the Welsh Parliament.
Neil McEvoy, a member of the Welsh Assembly, has been censured for holding a press conference in an assembly briefing room.
Gary Glitter has been jailed for 16 years for a string of sexual offences against girls as young as 12 in the 1970s and 1980s.
Animal rights groups are campaigning for a 29-year-old polar bear in Argentina to be moved to a zoo in Canada.
The meeting in Lucca, in Tuscany, will seek to pressure Russia to distance itself from Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was stabbed in a south-east London gym are trying to trace his movements in the days before he died.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized four guns and ammunition in a operation targeting those involved in supplying firearms.
A six-year-old Canadian girl is recovering from a serious hand injury after being dragged into the water by a sea lion in British Columbia.
The producer of a new DVD compilation of the Beatles' biggest hits has said the band are "flattered" by his work.
The Ebola virus is a serious disease that can be deadly, but there are a few forms of the virus which have been identified by scientists. If you get the right medical care and treatment, you can recover.
David Davis says the government expects to get the green light from Parliament to start the process of leaving the EU tomorrow.
BBC Wales' X-Ray programme has found "shocking" levels of dirt and grime at the Big Sleep Hotel in Cardiff.
South Africa is planning to launch a new city-based Twenty20 cricket league in November.
Portadown manager Ronnie McFall says the Premiership has "lost one of its biggest clubs" after the Ports were relegated on Tuesday.
Jack Robertson, a former investigator for the World Anti-Doping Agency, has accused the organisation of betraying its own staff.
The US navy will monitor Iranian activity in the Strait of Hormuz after a series of incidents involving US-linked vessels.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in Cardiff at the weekend.
The new owner of Accrington Stanley has not paid any money to the club since taking over in September, according to former owner Andy McGuigan.
The number of transgender hate crimes being reported in London has soared, new figures show.
A government minister has proposed a national consultation on returning the ashes of cremated babies to their families, following an inquiry into failings at a crematorium in Shrewsbury.
The Dalai Lama has said that the immolation protests by Tibetans are a symptom of China's repressive rule in Tibet and called on its new leadership to accept the need for change.
All Welsh Muslims who were on the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia when a stampede killed more than 700 people have been accounted for, the Muslim Council of Wales (MCW) has said.
A group of neo-Nazis in Georgia has attacked a cafe popular with young people, in an incident that has sparked widespread condemnation.
Greig Laidlaw will captain Scotland in their autumn Tests against Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga, but Kelly Brown and Jim Hamilton are among those dropped.
An RSPCA officer has been given a "management word of advice" after failing to act on intelligence about a dog which later killed a baby.
Liberal Democrat MP Tim Farron says his party must have a new leader in place "quickly", following its disastrous showing in last week's general election.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a "Whitchurch Games" event involving 10 communities with the same name from across England and Wales.
A man has been arrested and charged with the murder of 21-year-old Jamie Johnstone in Glasgow.
The details of more than a million members of the "elite" dating website Beautiful People have been leaked, security experts say.
The number of foreign visitors to Paris' Louvre museum has dropped by 20% following terrorist attacks in the city in 2015.
A woman has been cleared of assaulting a two-month-old baby in Fife.
The first meeting between the leaders of China and Taiwan in 66 years is being seen as a historic thaw in relations.
Staff at The Open University are taking industrial action over plans to close seven regional student support centres.
US bank Goldman Sachs has been criticised for going ahead with an event to recruit lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) employees in Singapore.
The Queen has visited Croke Park, the home of Gaelic games, on the second day of her historic state visit to Ireland.
2016 could be a good year for the government, with a divided opposition and a large majority in the Commons.
Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer will meet in the Indian Wells Masters for the first time since their Australian Open final clash.
Nasa has created an interactive map of Mars, which allows users to explore the red planet in greater detail.
Highland Council is facing a funding gap of up to £40m, almost double what was previously anticipated.
A project to redevelop Inverness Sheriff Court could be partly funded by money from the sale of a historic building in the city.
UKIP's Jonathan Arnott and Lib Dem leader Tim Farron go head-to-head in a game of speed chess on the Daily Politics.
Charlton Athletic have signed Huddersfield Town striker Lee Novak for an undisclosed fee.
A man has gone on trial accused of murdering his ex-partner and trying to kill her new lover.
Mark Selby has won the World Snooker Championship for the second time, beating Ronnie O'Sullivan in a final which went to the very last frame.
The UK government has announced that £30m will be spent on local businesses as part of the construction of a new prison in Wrexham, North Wales.
The British Trust for Ornithology is using a recorded cuckoo call in an attempt to lure a missing tagged cuckoo back to Wales.
Three Syrian rebel groups have expressed doubts to the BBC over the cessation of hostilities agreement.
India has confirmed its first three cases of the Zika virus, the UN health agency says.
The MPs' report says the new PIP system has been "rushed" through, with a "shocking" impact on claimants.
A man in Puerto Rico has died after being infected with the Zika virus, US health officials say.
The government has defeated an attempt by peers to change plans to force all schools in England to become academies.
Nearly one million people in Somalia are at risk of starving to death due to a severe drought.
Australian rugby union international Stephen Moore has announced his retirement from Test rugby.
Scientists have discovered that narwhals use their tusks to stun fish, making them easier to catch.
Britain has upgraded its diplomatic relations with Iran, one year after reopening its embassy in Tehran.
Neil Warnock is to take charge of Championship side Queens Park Rangers for the third time after being appointed caretaker manager.
The UK has a "lamentable" record on prosecuting those responsible for female genital mutilation (FGM), MPs have said.
Madagascar FA president Ahmad Ahmad is the only challenger to Issa Hayatou in the upcoming Confederation of African Football (Caf) elections.
The future of British manufacturing is uncertain, and the recent closure of two steel plants in Scotland is symbolic of the industry's decline.
Derry City staged a late comeback to earn a 3-3 draw with holders Dundalk in their League of Ireland Cup quarter-final.
A man who defrauded an elderly woman out of more than £300,000 has been jailed for three years.
A Conservative councillor has been suspended after making an offensive comment about the murder of MP Jo Cox on social media.
A man has died after an incident at a Belfast harbour estate. A comedian who tried to gatecrash England's World Cup departure at Luton airport has been given "strong police advice". A mum drunk on vodka who lost control of her
N'Golo Kante has completed his move from Premier League champions Leicester to Chelsea for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £32m.
A Sinn Féin MP who was controversially dropped from the party's general election ticket has been given another chance to run.
US authorities have blacklisted a Singapore-based shipping company, Senat Shipping, accusing it of supporting a North Korean firm already under sanctions.
Some of Jeremy Corbyn's most vocal critics have been elected to chair key Labour policy committees.
Two pairs of identical twins who were mixed up soon after they were born in 1998 and grew up apart, find each other almost 25 years later.
The Manchester Camerata has been named best ensemble at the Royal Philharmonic Society (RPS) Music Awards.
The leaders of five combined authorities in the north of England have written to the prime minister asking for a meeting to discuss their role in the Brexit negotiations.
The death of a performer who fell from a Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas was partly caused by inadequate training, US regulators have said.
Hearts duo Faycal Rherras and Arnaud Djoum have been called up for their respective countries for the Africa Cup of Nations.
The Dundee Museum of Transport has been awarded a £500,000 grant to help develop its plans for a new national visitor attraction.
A man who tried to travel to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State has been found guilty of terrorism offences.
The gates have opened at Glastonbury Festival but people are being advised to expect delays due to bad weather and ground conditions.
West Yorkshire Police have renewed an appeal for witnesses to come forward on what would have been the 22nd birthday of a man who died after being attacked in a park in Bradford.
Warrington Wolves beat Widnes Vikings 36-12 to finish the regular Super League season in seventh place.
Stuart Pearce, former England international, has signed for Longford AFC - a team that has lost all 18 of its games this season, scoring one goal and conceding 179.
US cable giant Charter has won approval from the US Justice Department (DoJ) to buy Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks.
A video game developer walks across in-game maps for hours to raise money for his diabetic mother's alert dog.
The Serious Fraud Office has opened an investigation into suspected corruption by Rio Tinto over its work in Guinea.
Michael Carberry and Kevin Pietersen both made half-centuries but Perth Scorchers held their nerve to reach the Big Bash League final with a 18-run win over Melbourne Stars.
Powys County Council is considering plans to build a new English-medium school to replace two existing schools in Gwernyfed and Brecon.
The Competition and Markets Authority has announced plans to make it easier for people to switch banks and accounts, and to encourage them to save money by finding a better deal.
Dean Carl Evans, 22, from Reading, has died while fighting for the Kurdish YPG forces against IS in Syria.
The number of six-year-olds in England achieving the required standard in reading, writing and maths has risen sharply, new figures show.
The King George VI Chase at Kempton on Boxing Day is shaping up to be a "bloody competitive" race, with a number of horses in with a chance of victory.
A touring theatre company which performs on a canal boat is stopping in Warwickshire, Staffordshire and Shropshire.
A man has died and two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a house fire in east London.
The National Federation of Women's Institutes Wales has held its 91st annual conference.
Saudi Arabia's religious police will no longer be able to chase or arrest suspects, under new regulations.
Three teenage girls who were part of India's rowing team have been hospitalised after allegedly eating poisonous fruits in an apparent suicide bid.
A security alert is continuing in the Bishop Street area of Londonderry after a suspicious object was found.
Members of a trade union are going on strike at the University of Salford after two of their colleagues were sacked.
An inquest has heard that a 14-year-old girl who died after suffering a cardiac arrest had not been to the toilet for three months.
The Football Association of Ireland (FAI) has declined to comment on reports that Fifa is investigating comments made by Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill and player James McClean about the referee in their recent World Cup qualifier against Austria.
Movilla High School in Northern Ireland has been suspended more than 400 times in the past year.
Waheed Ahmed, from Rochdale, is being deported from Turkey after he was detained near the Syrian border.
Muslim passengers on a bus in Kenya defended their Christian counterparts during an attack by al-Shabab militants, it has emerged.
Robbie Williams has said that Justin Bieber's rants at fans during his UK tour were "difficult to watch".
A woman on trial for assisting the suicide of her friend has told police she was relieved when a plan to travel to Zurich for help was thwarted.
Edrington, the owner of The Macallan, Highland Park and Cutty Sark, has reported a 3% rise in annual revenues.
Yorkshire have been crowned champions of Division One after Middlesex collapsed to 103 all out against them at Lord's.
A large crack has appeared in a cliff at Seaford Head, on the Sussex coast.
The home secretary has criticised the lack of diversity in British police forces, singling out four forces for having no black officers - but two of those constabularies hit back, saying they had at least one black officer.
The Prime Minister is set to meet with key world leaders at a global summit in Hangzhou, China, where she will discuss post-Brexit trade and other issues of importance.
The Micro Bit is a small, codeable computer which was given to every Year 7 child in the UK in 2016. A team of BBC Learning employees and Kitronik, an electronics kit-maker, have created a set of animations which show how
Russia is marking the 17th anniversary of the Kursk submarine disaster, in which 118 people died.
Two teenage girls have been sentenced to three years in detention for kidnapping a two-year-old girl from a Primark store in Newcastle.
The Metropolitan Police Service has been subject to a lot of criticism from the media recently, but is this warranted?
The executive has unveiled a plan to increase the number of firms exporting from Northern Ireland and to grow the value of exports by 33% over the next four years.
Prosecutors leading the criminal inquiry into the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 say they are still waiting for information from Russia.
The search for a man who went missing in floodwater in Neath Port Talbot has resumed.
The election of Justin Trudeau as Canada's new prime minister signals a shift in the country's stance on the Israel-Palestine conflict.
At least two people have died and several are missing after a flash flood in Arizona.
A heatwave across Scotland is expected to bring thunderstorms, lightning and possible flooding later on Tuesday and into Wednesday morning.
There has been a decline in church attendance in Scotland, with the number of regular churchgoers falling from 854,000 in 1984 to 390,000.
Wikileaks' Twitter account goes down for a few hours, leading to speculation that founder Julian Assange may have been killed or captured.
Lord Patten, a Conservative Party grandee and EU supporter, has accused Boris Johnson of "making it up as he goes along" on the EU.
Accrington Stanley have signed goalkeeper Aaron Chapman on loan from Chesterfield until the end of the season.
The US has sent a warship within 12 nautical miles of a disputed island in the South China Sea, in a move likely to anger Beijing.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have said they want the Welsh government to be able to borrow up to £1bn for infrastructure projects.
Gemma Cairney looks at the legacy of the Olympic Games and how it has inspired a generation of young athletes.
Police have found a large cannabis farm in a block of flats in Liverpool - two weeks after another large cannabis farm was found on the same street.
A former teacher who was jailed for sexually abusing four boys in the 1970s and '80s has been given a further four-year prison sentence after four more victims came forward.
A woman who fled Algeria in the 1990s during the country's civil war has become a successful businesswoman in Canada.
The Scottish government has announced £12m of funding to help areas hit by severe weather.
Snowdonia Pumped Hydro has been given permission to drain rainwater from two disused quarries at the site of a planned hydroelectric power plant.
The world is becoming ever-so-slightly more peaceful, according to the latest annual Global Peace Index - but the US is heading in the other direction.
A drone photo of a couple kissing on a Hong Kong rooftop has gone viral after the photographer airbrushed out the photographers in the background.
Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman says the club will back manager Neil Warnock in his bid to lead the club to promotion to the Premier League.
Chinese scientists have discovered the fossilised remains of a bird that lived 120 million years ago.
A hospital in Swansea which stopped admitting mothers in labour due to a shortage of cots has now reopened its doors to most expectant mothers.
An man who raped and sexually assaulted children as young as six has had his jail term increased from 15 years to 20 years.
Kent beat Hampshire by five wickets in the One-Day Cup to reach the quarter-finals for the first time since 2006.
Eddie Jordan has called on the governing body to hand down more punishment to Sebastian Vettel following his collision with Lewis Hamilton at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.
Iron Maiden singer Bruce Dickinson has said he is "looking forward to having a bit of a knees up" after being given the all clear following cancer treatment.
Crewe's Alex Kiwomya slips a neat pass through to striker Ryan Lowe, who scores his ninth goal of the season to give the hosts a first-half lead. Luton striker Jack Marriott scores twice in the second half, either side of
Biggin Hill Airport in south-east London has been given the green light to extend its flying hours on weekends and bank holidays.
The number of giant pandas living in the wild has increased by 268 since 2003, according to the latest count.
The former workers of an Indian car factory that used to produce the Hindustan Ambassador - once the country's official car - are struggling to make ends meet and have called for a boycott of the upcoming state elections.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Cardiff.
Five of the UK's biggest care home operators have written to the Chancellor warning of a "catastrophic collapse" in the sector unless ministers agree to fund increases in the bills paid by local authorities.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is a doubt for their final Six Nations match against Italy on Saturday, 21 March after suffering a knee injury.
England women's cricket captain Heather Knight reflects on the Women's Big Bash League and pays tribute to Rachael Heyhoe Flint, who passed away last week.
Nearly 1% of benefits were unpaid during the last financial year, the Department for Work and Pensions has revealed.
South African Charl Schwartzel has won the European Tour's season-opening event in South Africa by four shots.
Systemic pesticides are damaging the natural world, according to a major review of the scientific literature.
The number of children and young people in Wales being prescribed antidepressants has risen by 30% in the past decade, according to research.
World Rugby says it is still working to assess whether Samoa and Tonga are suitable venues for Wales' summer Tests, but that a decision will be made by the end of October.
Britain's men will face New Zealand in the quarter-finals of the Olympic rugby sevens after beating Kenya in their final group game.
Shrewsbury Town winger Ryan Wallace will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The number of homes being repossessed by bailiffs in England and Wales has dipped slightly but is still high, according to government data.
Six people have died after taking a "very strong" batch of heroin in Nottinghamshire, police have warned.
Police in Inverness are investigating after reports of a "suspicious incident" involving a primary school pupil.
The government is being accused of not doing enough to invest in fast fibre broadband, with some saying that the focus on competition has led to a lack of investment in future-proof connection.
Serena Williams has reached her 88th career final with a win over Agnieszka Radwanska in the semi-finals of the Indian Wells tournament.
A piece of malware called Duqu, which is related to the Stuxnet worm, has been used to target organisations in Iran, say researchers.
A charity campaign has been launched to help a mother who lost her two sons in a house fire set by their father.
North Korea has been carrying out work on a new tunnel at its Punggye-ri nuclear test site, a US think tank says, despite recent claims by Pyongyang that it was committed to denuclearisation.
Two men have admitted crashing a Team GB Rio 2016 homecoming parade float in Manchester and posing as athletes.
Thieves have stolen Christmas presents from the home of a family who buried their eight-year-old daughter earlier this month.
Two men are on trial accused of rape and sexual abuse of teenage girls in Southend.
Tunisia is hoping to encourage entrepreneurship and small businesses to flourish, with the help of loans from the World Bank.
A superfast broadband rollout in the Scottish Borders is to be completed by the end of next year, the council has said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says he should have got rid of "two or three bad apples" from his squad in January after they missed out on a Premiership play-off place.
The UN committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination has called for a Single Equality Bill to address the disparity in equality protection between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK.
The Kyrgyz National Security Committee has named the prime suspect in the St Petersburg metro bombing as Akbarzhon Jalilov, a 22-year-old with Russian citizenship.
The head of the National Eisteddfod in Anglesey says a new generation of people have been inspired to get involved in fundraising for the event.
A town council in England has recommended naming a new road after a headteacher who has been in post for 13 years.
England's Tommy Fleetwood birdied the first hole of a play-off to beat Scotland's Stephen Gallacher and win the Abu Dhabi Championship.
- Bring a book or your favourite toy - Play I Spy or car bingo - Listen to a audiobook or podcast - Have a picnic lunch
Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey has called for football to take a leaf out of rugby's book and introduce video replays to help referees make correct decisions.
A Flybe flight from Aberdeen to Wick has been diverted to Inverness after a technical issue.
Veteran striker Kayode Odejayi has joined Southern League Premier Division side Chesham United on a one-year deal.
Reality TV star Charlotte Crosby has been banned from driving for three years and fined Â£1,185 after pleading guilty to drink-driving.
Steve Ferres has quit as Castleford Tigers chief executive after just six months in the role, citing a lack of board support for the changes he believes are necessary at the Super League club.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has accused World Snooker of bullying, but says he will not be addressing the issue during the World Championship.
New Zealand rugby league players Jesse Bromwich and Kevin Proctor have been charged with drug possession after allegedly buying cocaine following a Test match.
England will field an unchanged side for the fifth and final Ashes Test against Australia, with Mark Wood replacing the injured James Anderson.
The UK may seek to join the European Economic Area as a transitional measure after it leaves the EU, the BBC has learned.
The Welsh government will not reintroduce a ban on the use of e-cigarettes in public places, first minister Carwyn Jones has said.
The UK steel industry is calling on the government to take action to help it survive, saying it is "vital" to the success of manufacturing.
The case of a six-day-old baby girl who had her kidneys and liver cells transplanted after her death has been described as a "milestone" in neonatal care.
A London borough is considering expanding a secondary school to a 16-form entry system to cope with rising pupil numbers.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has said he hopes that Pakistan's new Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif will use his influence to bring the Taliban to the negotiating table.
Scientists have discovered that exposing pregnant mice to tiny amounts of light can alter the development of their offspring's eyes, leading to potential implications for human eye disorders.
England's hopes of winning the SheBelieves Cup were dealt a blow as they were beaten 2-1 by France in their opening game.
Donald Trump has denied that he posed as his own publicist in a phone call with a reporter in the 1990s.
Lancashire beat Durham by 67 runs to move up to second in Division One of the County Championship.
The Bank of Scotland is introducing a new £10 note featuring a steam train crossing the Glenfinnan Viaduct.
James Tennyson has joined Frank Warren's stable and will challenge Ryan Walsh for the British featherweight title on 30 April.
Conservative MP Bob Blackman is calling for Muslims and Hindus to be given their own public holidays in the UK.
Danny Willett has pulled out of next week's World Cup of Golf in Australia because of a back injury.
Livingston beat Edinburgh City 3-0 in their first ever Scottish League Cup match.
The i360 tower in Brighton was evacuated on Saturday night after it stopped working.
The nominations for the 2016 WhatsOnStage Awards have been announced, with Benedict Cumberbatch's Hamlet leading the way with nine nods.
A woman has been attacked in her own home by an intruder who police believe may be local.
A man has died and another has been injured in a two-car collision on the Isle of Man.
The Welsh Government has cancelled £31m of cuts to the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales, after protests from universities.
The new series of Top Gear has been well received by critics, with many saying it is very similar to the old series.
Bolton Wanderers have appointed Neil Lennon as their new manager on a two-year deal.
The age of austerity is over, with the Conservatives set to abandon their pledge to continue cuts in public spending.
Johanna Konta has reached the quarter-finals of the China Open with a straight-sets win over Madison Keys, taking her a step closer to qualifying for the WTA Finals.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has accused the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) of raiding his office in a political vendetta after the agency carried out searches at the office of one of his aides.
A video of two seals playing with a football has gone viral.
Islamic State (IS) has claimed responsibility for an attack on a hotel in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, in which at least nine people died.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced that Binali Yildirim, a close ally, is to be the next prime minister.
A man arrested near the Houses of Parliament in Westminster remains in custody after a warrant of further detention was granted.
UK aid agencies have launched an appeal to help those affected by the Nepal earthquake, as an RAF plane carrying emergency supplies heads to the region.
Ireland will face world number two the Netherlands, as well as Germany and Chile, in the pool stages of the 2016 Champions Trophy hockey tournament.
The transport secretary has been mystery shopping on commuter rail services to find out the extent of overcrowding.
The European Union has annulled its designation of Hamas as a terrorist group, saying the decision was based on "factual imputations" from the press and internet rather than an examination of the group's actions.
Chinese writer Cao Wenxuan has won the 2016 Hans Christian Andersen Award for children's literature, becoming the first Chinese recipient of the prize.
A 14-year-old girl who was abducted from a street in Lancashire has been found safe and well in Cumbria.
A former US National Security Adviser has said Britain would be a less powerful partner for the US if it left the European Union.
The MP for Bristol West has been accused of racism after suggesting the decline of the "white working class" was responsible for the closure of pubs in his constituency.
Seventeen people who escaped from a quarantine centre for Ebola patients in Liberia's capital, Monrovia, are being sought by authorities, officials say.
French charities have applied for an injunction to stop the "forced eviction" of migrants from the "Jungle" camp in Calais.
The chairman of the City of London Corporation has said that London will remain a leading financial hub after Brexit, despite some banks moving jobs out of the city.
More than three-quarters of pupils in Northern Ireland achieved A* to C grades in their GCSE exams, the results show.
Leicester City's Premier League title triumph is the greatest achievement in English football since Nottingham Forest's European Cup win in 1979, said former Foxes boss Martin O'Neill.
Leicester City's Premier League title defence is over, according to data company Gracenote, which has predicted the final standings. Manchester City will finish first, it says, with Arsenal second on goal difference.
Ian Poulter says he will not "disappear" from the game despite missing the cut at the Valero Texas Open and losing his PGA Tour card.
Train drivers in the north of England are to stage a 48-hour strike in a dispute over driver-only-operated trains.
Clothing retailer Ted Baker has reported strong half-year sales and profits, with all its markets growing.
Ipswich Town beat promotion-chasing Newcastle United 3-1 at Portman Road to move out of the Championship's bottom three.
A man in Walsall, England, has been taking photos of people urinating in public and posting them on Twitter in an effort to get the local council to take action.
A man in the US state of Nebraska has apologised after setting off an explosion to announce the gender of his unborn baby, causing a police alert.
Scottish retail sales declined in February, with food sales increasing but non-food sales falling.
Parents of children with learning disabilities are considering taking legal action after plans were announced to close three social education centres in South Yorkshire.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to answer questions from school children live from the International Space Station.
Two males aged 16 and 19 have been arrested and charged in connection with a serious assault in Lochgelly, Fife, on Saturday night.
Colchester United have exercised contract options on five players, including defender Tom Eastman.
A woman has been killed in a hit-and-run in Portsmouth.
Ireland's health minister has said he cannot put a deadline on when free GP care for children under six will be available.
Zano, a drone company, is facing challenges delivering on its promises to backers of its crowdfunding project.
A Saudi Arabian woman who was jailed for driving in the kingdom says she is "surprised" by the level of international support she has received.
In Uganda, oil has been discovered under Lake Albert, the large body of water that straddles the border between Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Chicago police are investigating after a 15-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted on Facebook Live.
Kurdish-led forces in northern Syria say they have pulled back from the frontline with Turkish-backed rebels, following a deal with Russia.
The former head of the civil service has said the next five years will be "even harder" for the government than the last five.
Neighbours, Australia's longest running soap opera, has proved a steppingstone to profitable global stardom for many of its stars.
Plans to improve the appearance of a popular beauty spot in the Lake District have been approved by councillors.
IVF should be offered to women aged up to 42 after two years of failed attempts to conceive, says guidance from the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence.
Gordon Reid's Australian Open wheelchair tennis triumph is a feel-good story in a world of sporting cheats and crooks.
Qantas' plans to launch a low-cost carrier in Hong Kong have been dealt a blow after the city's aviation regulator rejected its application.
A US judge has denied BP's request to halt compensation payments to businesses and individuals affected by the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
Plans for a major industrial and commercial development in West Dunbartonshire are to be presented to councillors.
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has delivered the same speech twice in parliament after his office mistakenly gave him the wrong speech.
Turkey has launched a high-speed rail service between the capital Ankara and Istanbul, following years of delays.
The government is committed to doing everything it can to help the DUP and Sinn Féin reach a deal to restore power-sharing in Northern Ireland, the prime minister has said.
New home construction in the UK fell in the final three months of 2014, official figures have said.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland has fallen for the first time in 28 months.
The German Grand Prix is in danger of being dropped from the Formula 1 calendar due to declining interest from fans.
The BBC subsidiary that manages the corporation's studios and post-production facilities has delayed its move back to the newly redeveloped Television Centre.
Turkish men have marched through Istanbul wearing miniskirts to protest against the murder of a woman who was killed after resisting an attempted rape.
Robert Croft has appointed his former team-mate Steve Watkin as his assistant head coach at Glamorgan.
A police officer who admitted accessing unauthorised information about a colleague on a police computer system has been given a suspended sentence.
Australia's David Palmer won his first Commonwealth gold medal in the men's doubles, after earlier winning the singles title.
St Johnstone and Hamilton Academical share the points after a 1-1 draw in the Scottish Premiership.
A technical fault caused delays for Metrolink passengers in Manchester on Tuesday, the network's operator has said.
Bristol City Council has chosen a company to build and operate a new 12,000-seat music venue in the city.
Hull City caretaker manager Mick Phelan deserves the chance to be considered for the job on a full-time basis, says former Manchester United captain Gary Neville.
Taribo West reflects on Nigeria's Olympic gold medal triumph in 1996, describing it as the "most fantastic period" of his career.
Two people have been airlifted to safety after a cargo ship began sinking in the Dover Strait.
A man has been arrested after a car was driven on to a beach and left there as the tide came in.
A picture of a Chinese university student studying hard at his desk surrounded by murky flood water has surfaced on Chinese micro-blogging site Weibo.
Shrewsbury Town have moved six points clear of the League One relegation zone with two games to go after a 1-0 win over Southend United.
Jarryd Hayne has been added to Fiji's squad for this weekend's penultimate round of the World Rugby Sevens Series in London.
Lulzsec has claimed a new scalp - releasing confidential material taken from the Arizona police department. The anonymous hacking group says they've not been knocked off course, or successfully exposed, by rival hackers who claim to have named them online - apparently because they
A Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the conviction of a man who police say killed an unborn baby in a south-east London street attack.
Glasgow Warriors will face former Scotland coach Vern Cotter's Montpellier side in the Champions Cup pool stages next season.
The BBC has released a trailer for a new virtual reality film, The Turning Forest, which will be available for free on Google's Daydream platform.
A hoard of more than 100 coins, dating back to the 11th Century, has been discovered in Gwynedd.
Alfie Hewett and Gordon Reid both reach the semi-finals of the Wimbledon Super Series event.
The Hizmet movement is a loosely affiliated alliance of people inspired by the message of imam Fethullah Gulen. The movement promotes a tolerant Islam which emphasises altruism, hard work and education, and has attracted millions of followers and billions
A former Brazilian finance minister and chief of staff has been arrested on corruption charges.
Iraq is currently in the middle of a battle to try to win back the city of Mosul from a group known as Islamic State (IS).
Welsh actress Deddie Davies, best known for her roles in The Railway Children and Stella, has died aged 79.
Andy Murray will face Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the final of the Vienna Open after the Frenchman came from a set and 4-2 down to beat Croatia's Ivo Karlovic.
Celtic have signed Swedish international defender Mikael Lustig from Rosenborg on a three-and-a-half year deal.
Yaya Toure has been named African Footballer of the Year for the second time in his career.
Wales' Jasmine Joyce says she is relishing the chance to win a medal with Great Britain's rugby sevens team at the Olympics.
A US congressman has been criticised for making a video inside a gas chamber at the Auschwitz concentration camp.
Three mortars have been fired from Iraq into Saudi Arabia, close to the border town of Hafr al-Batin, the Saudi interior ministry says.
Al-Shabab militants have attacked a hotel in Mogadishu, killing at least 15 people.
A man from East Sussex has set a new world record for the number of half-marathons run in a year.
Milne, who has cerebral palsy, has recently taken to sporting a snazzy bright hat to make sure she is noticed. It is not a fashion statement or shameless attempt at attention-seeking, simply a safety precaution.
Rihanna has unveiled her new album, Loud, with a special gig in London.
Yeovil Town winger Otis Khan scored a hat-trick as the Glovers won 3-2 away to AFC Wimbledon in League Two.
Police in Italy have seized 781 shotguns from a truck coming from Belgium.
Scotland winger Sean Lamont has been recalled to the squad for the summer tour of Japan, after initially being left out.
President Obama has been booed and jeered by gun-rights activists as he visits the families of victims of last week's college shooting in Oregon.
A video of two twin girls playing a game of peek-a-boo in their cots has become an internet sensation.
A Welsh Government-backed investment company is bidding to manage a fund for businesses in England.
The UK's Liberal Democrats and some Labour MPs say they will vote against the government's Brexit bill unless they are promised a second referendum on the UK's deal with the EU.
Police investigating the murder of a man who disappeared 25 years ago have begun excavating land in Cambridgeshire.
A new World War Two drama is being made about the extraordinary story of three Scottish soldiers who escaped from the Nazis by convincing their captors they were from the Soviet Union.
Google is testing a system that streams apps to users so they can access information without having to download and install them.
The Strand Underpass in London is set to reopen on 12 June, more than two months after a large fire caused extensive damage to the road tunnel.
A man and a woman have escaped injury after a petrol bomb was thrown at a house in Tandragee, County Armagh.
A DUP councillor has condemned a "campaign of hatred and intimidation" after his home was targeted in a racist attack.
A man has been found guilty of religiously aggravated abuse after calling a woman a "non-believer" and telling her she would "burn in hell".
A man who died while trying to remove two Irish tricolour flags from trees in a village was a member of a victims' group, it has emerged.
The film-maker Lynne Ramsay has dropped her legal action against the producers of Jane Got a Gun, after walking away from the project days before it was due to start shooting.
David Bowie is nominated for two Brit Awards, for best British male solo artist and best album, posthumously.
Members of the drivers union Aslef are due to walk out for three days in the dispute over driver-only trains. Southern's parent company Govia Thameslink (GTR) has asked the Court of Appeal to overturn last week's
The number of district nurses in England has fallen by 40% in the past decade, official figures show.
Air strikes in Yemen have killed at least 30 people, including women and children, according to the medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres.
Figures obtained by the BBC show the number of times police in Devon and Cornwall used Tasers on members of the public rose from 34 in 2010 to 65 last year.
A new walking trail has been opened in Wales, stretching from the Cheshire border to Llandegla Forest in Denbighshire.
A stable was blown into the side of a house in Hampshire during high winds brought by Storm Katie.
Oldham Athletic manager John Sheridan says "a couple" of his players are not good enough to be in the team, after the League One club's poor start to the season.
The university has won a court order to evict a group of squatters from a former power station it owns in Oxford.
The search for RAF serviceman Corrie Mckeague, who went missing after a night out in Bury St Edmunds in September, is set to continue at a landfill site in Cambridgeshire.
A handwritten poem by Anne Frank, written to her best friend's older sister, has been sold at auction for €148,000.
A group of MPs is calling for more UK officials with language skills, to help with trade negotiations after leaving the EU.
West Ham United striker Elliot Lee has joined Barnsley for an undisclosed fee.
A new walking trail in Snowdonia National Park is to be created, thanks to a £42,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
A man has been charged with theft after a trailer full of biscuits worth £250,000 was stolen from a factory in Wales.
A hacker who launched 1.7 million cyber attacks has had his sentence reduced by three months.
Cheshire Police are to recruit 70 extra officers, following a U-turn on planned budget cuts.
Police in Northern Ireland have arrested six people and seized £800,000 worth of cannabis in an operation targeting a major drug trafficking gang.
A biomass power plant which will burn straw and other crop waste is being built in Lincolnshire.
Russians are largely supportive of their country's involvement in Syria, with 72% of those polled by the Levada centre saying they approve of the airstrikes.
A team of engineers and artists have created a working model of a human heart, lungs and blood vessels which could be used to train surgeons.
A new history of art A-level is to be developed by exam board Pearson for teaching from next September.
A mental health trust has been told it "requires improvement" following an inspection by the Care Quality Commission.
Walsall have sacked manager Sean O'Driscoll after only three months in charge.
The budgets of some of Wales' leading arts organisations are to be cut, the Arts Council of Wales has announced.
Up to six former employees of Chinese tech giant Tencent are under investigation for bribery.
Phil Taylor will retire from darts after Sunday's World Matchplay final against Peter Wright, after beating Adrian Lewis in the semi-finals.
Alex Salmond, the leader of the campaign for Scottish independence, has been touring the country and encouraging people to vote.
Mining shares soared in Australia after China's economic planner said the country would "absolutely not experience a hard landing".
Five things you might have missed in the EFL, including Swindon's rather understated reaction to relegation and Leyton Orient's relegation to the National League.
The Kiltwalk, a charity which stages sponsored walks across Scotland, has seen its entire board of trustees resign following criticism over its finances.
Police in Hertfordshire are seeking a man they want to question in connection with a fatal hit-and-run five years ago.
Scottish Deputy First Minister John Swinney has officially opened Inverness Campus, a new business and enterprise hub.
Scientists say missing breakfast makes high calorie foods more appealing, making it harder to lose weight.
Iran's navy filmed a US warship during a recent naval exercise, state media report.
Three men have been arrested and charged in connection with the alleged fraudulent acquisition of Rangers FC in 2012.
UK retailer Waitrose has reported a rise in sales over the Christmas period, while House of Fraser has seen a "sharp" increase in online sales.
The chief executive of Lloyds Banking Group has said the bank is "just days away" from being fully privately owned.
A GP surgery in one of the most deprived areas of England has been rated as "inadequate" by inspectors.
A company planning to frack for gas in County Fermanagh has begun drilling a borehole in the area.
The Troubles in Northern Ireland saw bus drivers killed and vehicles hijacked and destroyed, but the service kept running.
Essex County Cricket Club have announced that fast bowler Reece Topley will miss the rest of the season after suffering a stress fracture in his elbow.
A leading Syrian general has deserted the regime and fled to Turkey, in a major blow to President Bashar al-Assad.
The UK government has said it will fast-track laws through parliament by early May if a deal can be reached to restore devolved government in Northern Ireland.
Sierra Leone striker Kei Kamara has reversed his decision to retire from international football.
Queen of the South win 4-1 at home to Brechin City in the Scottish Championship.
Rangi Chase, a rugby league player for Widnes Vikings, has been provisionally suspended after failing a drugs test.
Volunteers have removed more than 8,000 pieces of plastic from a Manx beach during a clean-up operation.
A raccoon has been spotted in the wild in Scotland, prompting fears it could damage the economy and native wildlife if it becomes established.
In this video, the BBC's Africa correspondent Alastair Leithead summarises some of the week's biggest stories from the continent.
A leading member of the UK's biggest trade union has announced plans to challenge the incumbent general secretary in an election.
Jose Mourinho's first return to Chelsea since he was sacked ended in a 4-0 defeat, with the Portuguese manager appearing to have words with home boss Antonio Conte at the final whistle.
The UK experienced a "normal" winter in terms of excess deaths, after a spike the previous year, official figures suggest.
Usain Bolt and Justin Gatlin both ran sub-10 second 100m times in Doha, with Bolt coming out on top.
It has been a week of tears over computers, as the world champion of Go was beaten by an AI program, and British Airways' IT system collapsed, causing chaos for passengers.
The body of a woman who went missing in Wellington, Somerset, has been found.
A 13-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after smoking a "legal high" in Cardiff, police have said.
Rock singer Alice Cooper has discovered a lost Andy Warhol painting worth millions of dollars in a storage locker.
The company that owns Hostess Brands - the maker of Twinkies and Ding Dongs - has been bought by two private equity firms for $410m.
Three men have been charged with conspiracy to supply drugs after police seized more than eight kilograms of cocaine from a factory near Bridgend.
The number of cases of abuse of vulnerable adults in the Scottish Borders has "rocketed", a council report has said.
Mario Gotze's extra-time winner gave Germany a 1-0 victory over Argentina to win the World Cup for a fourth time.
Hanako, the world's oldest captive elephant, has died aged 69 in a Tokyo zoo.
A pipe bomb has been thrown at a house in a County Londonderry village, police have said.
A mixed-use commercial development, including flats and a pub/restaurant, is to be built on the site of a former petrol station and garages in Galashiels.
Delays on the M8 in Glasgow have cleared after a crash involving a Jaguar which struck a bridge barrier.
The Conservative and Labour candidates for London Mayor have both pledged to cut transport fares, as they launch their transport manifestos.
A scheme that offered financial incentives for people to switch to renewable energy sources has been suspended after it ran up a huge overspend.
The US stock market rose on Friday after strong jobs data boosted investor confidence. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 369.96 points or 2.12% finishing at 17,847.63.
The family at the centre of a corruption scandal in South Africa has issued a public statement in response to accusations that they offered a government minister a job in exchange for favours.
A sheep that was stuck on a cliff in Snowdonia, Wales, has been rescued by the RSPCA.
The former police officer who was one of the first to sit with Moors Murderer Ian Brady after his arrest has described him as a "stern, angry-looking man".
Nato says a senior al-Qaeda commander has been killed in a precision air strike in Afghanistan.
The Woodland Trust is trying to raise £800,000 to buy a "Celtic rainforest" in Wales.
The withdrawal of a bus service for visitors to Hydebank Wood prison in County Antrim has made it difficult for people with disabilities to visit loved ones, says one man.
The government's defence review will see the UK spend £24.4bn on new maritime patrol aircraft, infantry vehicles, and to speed up the purchase of F35B jets.
The Sodje brothers - Sam, Efe, Bright and Stephen - have denied a charge of fraudulent trading relating to the Sodje Sports Foundation.
A former police officer has gone on trial accused of rape, stalking and harassment.
The recent BBC Spotlight programme on the abuse of children by republicans has led to calls for a cross-border inquiry into the issue.
With the Euro 2016 football championships set to begin in France tomorrow, the country is facing a number of challenges, including strikes, rubbish in the streets, and concerns over security.
The Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry (HIA) in Northern Ireland has finished hearing evidence from witnesses.
Plans for three of the tallest turbines in England and Wales are being considered by Hartlepool Borough Council.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade bemoaned his side's lack of ruthlessness in front of goal after they drew 2-2 with Burnley.
Billionaire investor George Soros has warned that the UK's vote to leave the European Union could lead to the break-up of the bloc.
The Maldives government has said it is disappointed the UK has granted asylum to former President Mohamed Nasheed.
Nearly 2,500 criminal cases were dropped last year because the suspect was too old or unwell to stand trial, figures from the Crown Prosecution Service show.
York City Football Club will not move into their new stadium for the start of the 2016/17 season because of delays in the building process.
An inquest into the 1976 Kingsmill massacre has been adjourned to allow police to investigate a new lead.
Steven Anderson, a US pastor who has been banned from several countries for his anti-gay views, has been refused a visa to enter South Africa.
The government is considering asking the public to vote "yes" or "no" to remaining in the European Union, in an attempt to make the case for staying in seem more positive.
Olympic sprint champion Usain Bolt says he is targeting the 200m world record in 2015.
Research into two ancient farming sites in Orkney has suggested that the land was controlled by an elite group of people from the Viking period onwards.
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has been speaking at a rally in the state of Arizona, where there have been protests against his policies.
The giant panda has been downgraded from "endangered" to "vulnerable" on the IUCN Red List.
A man has been arrested after shooting dead three people inside a court building in Milan.
A woman who was saved from drowning in France has met the man who rescued her, after an appeal on BBC Wales.
Southampton manager Claude Puel says his side were "a little bit unlucky" not to force extra time in their EFL Cup final defeat by Manchester United.
A man who killed his 11-week-old son by shaking and squeezing him has been jailed for nine years.
Zurich Insurance has said it is still considering a bid for RSA Insurance, despite RSA's strong first-half results.
A six-year-old boy has died after being pulled from a lake at a water park in Leicestershire.
A seven-year-old girl who has been tweeting about the conflict in Aleppo, Syria, has posted a picture of herself saying she is "happy to be alive".
Tesco has sold a minority stake in its South East Asia business, Lazada, to Alibaba for $129m.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle move up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership after winning 2-1 at Motherwell.
Whitton Primary School, near Knighton, is to close after nearly 300 years in operation.
Jack Ross's St Mirren side started their season with a 4-1 win away to Stranraer in the League Cup, putting them top of their group.
UK car sales rose in February, boosted by strong demand for alternatively fuelled vehicles, according to industry figures.
A new study has found that sleep deprivation can alter the activity of hundreds of genes and lead to health problems.
Four otter pups are being taught how to swim at Newquay Zoo in Cornwall.
A German woman who sheltered a Jewish woman on the Channel Island of Jersey during World War Two has been honoured by the Israeli government.
There are still differences within the cabinet over the implementation period for Brexit, with some Brexiteers wanting a shorter period and some Remainers wanting a longer one. There is also disagreement over what form the transition should take, with some Bre
Norwich City midfielder Alexander Tettey will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
St Helens winger Matty Dawson has joined Leigh Centurions with immediate effect.
Disorder has broken out among fans at Wembley Stadium during the League One play-off final between Barnsley and Millwall.
A farmer has started a business hiring out his tractors to people who want to go for a joyride.
A man who assaulted a woman in north London has been jailed for six years.
England and Arsenal midfielder Jordan Nobbs has been named the FA women's player of the year.
Madonna has apologised to fans in Brisbane after turning up more than two hours late for a concert, saying she wanted to be "perfect" for them.
The first two chicks of the season have hatched at a wildlife reserve in Powys - six weeks later than usual.
Hospitals in England will be expected to offer free wi-fi to patients and staff, under new plans.
Parents near a school in London say they can smell and taste air pollution, which has been linked to a range of health problems.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was hit by a car outside a nightclub in West Lothian.
A charity has warned of the "damaging impact" of pornography on young people after a survey suggested a third of 11 to 14-year-olds had watched it on a mobile phone.
The PS4 Pro will be released in November, and will be the first time that the Japanese firm has had two consoles on sale with significantly different graphics capabilities within the same generation.
A Scottish court has ruled that Rangers Football Club used an employee benefit trust scheme to avoid paying taxes on over £47m between 2001 and 2010.
The last Land Rover Defender has rolled off the production line at the company's plant in Solihull, after 68 years of production.
Flights across Europe are facing delays and cancellations due to bad weather.
Three people have been arrested following a disturbance at an anti-racism rally in Glasgow.
Nottingham Forest striker Ben Brereton has signed a new contract with the Championship club.
The Kurdistan Regional Government in Iraq has set 25 September as the date for a referendum on independence.
Two teenagers are being sought by police after wreaths laid at a war memorial in Crediton, Devon, were set on fire.
Everton ended a run of eight league games without a win by beating Bournemouth 2-1 at Goodison Park, but some home fans booed manager Roberto Martinez.
The Vatican bank has reported a huge increase in profits, following a major overhaul to stamp out corruption.
Chelsea Manning, the US soldier who was jailed for leaking classified information to WikiLeaks, has been released from prison after serving seven years of her 35-year sentence.
A man from Swansea has been given a suspended prison sentence after his dog was so emaciated it had to be put down.
A Kenyan rights group says at least 87 people have been extrajudicially killed by police in the coastal region in the past two years.
Australian actor Eamon Flack tells the BBC how he landed his dream job as artistic director of Sydney's Belvoir theatre company.
A football match in England was abandoned after a mass brawl involving players and fans.
The M27 motorway in Hampshire has reopened after being closed for more than six hours following the death of a woman who fell from a bridge.
Billiards player Alfie Burden has been banned from snooker for a year and fined £5,000 for breaching betting rules.
The chairman of British Cycling, Bob Howden, is to stand down after five years in the role.
A new electric bike sharing scheme has been launched in Exeter, with the aim of making it easier for people to get around the city.
Actor Robin Sachs, best known for playing the villain Ethan Rayne in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, has died aged 61.
Two-time Formula 1 world champion Fernando Alonso will skip the Monaco Grand Prix to race in the Indy 500 in May.
Anna van der Breggen won Olympic gold in the women's road race as compatriot Annemiek van Vleuten was taken to hospital with serious injuries after crashing.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Huddersfield Town full-back Jack Grimmer and Coventry City winger James Cole on loan until the end of the season.
Business dinners are "a vestige of old business life" and are not popular with women, the new head of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) has said.
A council is asking for suggestions on how to commemorate the Shoreham air disaster, in which 11 men were killed when a vintage plane crashed into a busy road.
US shares close higher, with the Dow Jones index hitting a new record, but investors remain cautious ahead of the corporate earnings season.
Some people in Somerset are welcoming the construction of a new nuclear power plant, while others are concerned about the impact it will have on the area.
The European Union has given the UK a package of reforms to try to keep it from leaving the bloc, but some commentators say it is not enough.
A woman has admitted defrauding two pension schemes of almost £20,000 by claiming her mother, who died in 1993, was still alive.
Brighton & Hove Albion have broken their transfer record by signing Netherlands midfielder Davy Propper from PSV Eindhoven for a fee of about £10m.
The retailer Lidl has been criticised for its policy of banning staff from speaking Welsh to each other on their tea break.
Zimbabwe's government workers have gone on strike over unpaid salaries, as activists call for a national shutdown to protest against the government.
Paris St-Germain have won the French Ligue 1 title for the fourth time in five seasons, clinching it with a 7-0 thrashing of bottom side Troyes.
We want you to tell us your top three heroes and villains from the past nine months of Formula 1.
Steve Hansen has made six changes for New Zealand's Test against Wales in Cardiff on Saturday, with the world champions looking to extend their unbeaten run against the Welsh to 27 matches.
Unemployment in Northern Ireland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to the claimant count.
Great Britain's Lois Toulson and Dan Goodfellow won 10m platform bronze at the first diving World Series event to be held at the London Aquatics Centre since the 2012 Olympics.
A review has found that a breast surgeon who was suspended by the NHS last year continued to operate on patients for several years despite concerns about his performance.
Firefighters have been pumping water out of several properties in Penicuik, Midlothian, after flash flooding.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of rape and attempted rape after two girls were approached by a man on a bike in Enfield.
A man charged with murdering his step-sister has been told he will stand trial in October.
Kate Beckinsale has said she is open to the idea of appearing in a one-off special of her father Richard's sitcom Porridge.
American Airlines is investigating how a less-safe plane ended up flying a long-haul route.
The UK government has promised Scotland new powers over tax, spending and welfare -  as well as promising voters in England, Wales and Northern Ireland that they too will have a greater say in the way they are governed.
An exhibition in Winchester will explore different aspects of Jane Austen's life and work, including some previously unseen portraits of the author.
A woman who was subjected to years of domestic abuse has welcomed a court order which bans her former partner from having any relationships without telling police.
Five more men have been charged with murder following the death of a man in Doncaster.
Tyrone come from behind to beat Derry in a tight McKenna Cup match, with the Red Hands winning by just two points.
A man who went on a killing spree targeting US justice officials was released from prison early due to a clerical error.
Wales won the women's hockey series against Scotland 3-0 after a 2-1 victory in the final Test in Glasgow.
The Welsh government is being urged to do more to reduce poverty, with one in five people in Wales living below the poverty line.
The Inverness Film Festival will feature 34 films from 21 countries, including five UK premieres and 17 Scottish premieres.
England avoided a series whitewash against New Zealand as Jos Buttler's explosive 47 not out from 16 balls helped them to victory in the third one-day international at Chester-le-Street.
Rory McIlroy takes a six-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
The trade body that represents the self-catering sector in Scotland has published research suggesting that the sector supports more than 10,700 jobs.
Ruaridh Jackson has been dropped to the bench for Scotland's must-win game against Ireland in Dublin on Saturday.
Two men killed in an explosion at a Cardiff steelworks have been named.
Thousands of species that play key roles in food production are in decline in Britain, a report suggests.
An emergency exercise is taking place in St Asaph, Denbighshire, to test the city's flood defences following the death of a 91-year-old woman during floods in 2012.
The BBC has protested to the White House after its journalists were excluded from an off-camera briefing with press secretary Sean Spicer.
Blockchain technology, which underpins the cryptocurrency Bitcoin, is being heralded as a game-changer by some in the tech industry.
A 20-year-old man with Down's syndrome from Thirsk, North Yorkshire, who made a video appealing for a job, has been inundated with offers of employment after the clip went viral online.
The French film Girlhood has been praised for its accurate portrayal of the lives of black teenagers in Paris.
A man who sparked a two-day armed siege in west London has been detained by police.
Nadiya Hussain has said she is not interested in moving with The Great British Bake Off to Channel 4.
Britain's Liam Broady came from a set down to beat Guido Pella and reach the second round of the Aegon International in Eastbourne.
The US Federal Reserve is widely expected to keep interest rates on hold when it meets this week, despite some recent encouraging economic data.
David Haye has been forced to retire from boxing after suffering another shoulder injury.
A man has been charged with murder after a woman died following a "domestic incident" in Withernsea, East Yorkshire.
Gary Robson is a Lakeside veteran, with 15 World Championship appearances to his name, but this year's 13th seed proved he is a bit of a novice when it comes to using a hoverboard.
The US has proposed tougher sanctions against North Korea in response to the country's recent nuclear test and missile launch. The measures would for the first time require UN member states to inspect all cargo to or from North Korea.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says England may not need to rush Manu Tuilagi back from injury for their Six Nations game against Scotland.
Squatters occupying a former Oxford car showroom say they will resist attempts to evict them by the end of February.
There has been a multi-vehicle collision on the M8 motorway in Glasgow, and emergency services are at the scene.
Colin McKay, 34, has been jailed for six years after being found guilty of attacking a woman twice, raping a 15-year-old girl and indecently assaulting another female.
Rwanda has suspended all BBC broadcasts in the country after a documentary was aired that questioned the official narrative of the 1994 genocide.
A senior Taliban commander has been released by the US into Pakistani custody, officials say.
Two school bosses have been cleared of fraud after a trial at Lincolnshire Crown Court.
Five-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan eased into the last eight of the UK Championship with a 10-3 win over Matthew Stevens.
A new law giving equal rights to same-sex couples has come into effect on the Isle of Man.
Scottish Labour MP Jim Murphy has claimed he is the victim of a "sinister" campaign of intimidation by supporters of Scottish independence.
A record-low amount of time the ball was in play in a Premier League match has prompted calls for a change to the rules.
King Salman of Saudi Arabia has named his son, Prince Mohammed bin Salman, as the new crown prince, replacing Prince Mohammed bin Nayef.
Edinburgh City win 1-0 on aggregate to secure promotion to Scottish League Two at the expense of East Stirlingshire.
Doncaster Rovers Belles have signed Arsenal Ladies' 19-year-old striker Dan Carter on loan until the end of the season.
Despite a run of "bookie friendly" results, Ladbrokes says customers are still gambling with the company and it is on track to merge with rival Coral.
A Canadian tennis player has been fined after hitting a French umpire in the eye with a ball during a Davis Cup tie.
Bolton Council has reaffirmed its opposition to fracking, despite the government's recent declaration that it could bypass local opposition to the process.
Charlton Athletic have completed the signing of striker Igor Vetokele from Danish side FC Copenhagen for an undisclosed fee.
Will Young has quit Strictly Come Dancing, saying it was a "long-time ambition" of his to appear on the show.
EDF has gone ahead and signed contracts worth £450 million with UK firms for the Hinkley Point C nuclear plant, despite the UK government's review of the plans.
An off-duty police officer in Anaheim, California, has been placed on leave after a video emerged of him firing a pistol during a dispute with a group of teenagers.
The Israeli firm Shine is accusing mobile advertisers of "subsidising" mobile users by consuming a large amount of data that users have to pay for. It is calling on the mobile industry to "zero rate" ads, meaning consumers would not
France have been dealt a blow ahead of Euro 2016 after it was confirmed that defender Raphael Varane will miss the tournament with a thigh injury.
Zareer Masani's biography of Thomas Babington Macaulay is an engaging look at the life of the 19th century statesman and scholar.
A police officer has been given a suspended sentence after he was caught speeding and then tried to avoid a fine by changing his car's number plates.
Lydia Ko became the youngest winner in LPGA Tour history with a wire-to-wire victory at the Canadian Women's Open.
Paul Doyle, a bus driver from Belfast, has been honoured by a national courtesy campaign for his act of kindness in giving a homeless man a winter coat.
A woman who had breast implants in Hungary has been left with "deformed" breasts after the treatment failed.
A man who tried to rob a post office with an axe has been jailed for five years.
Yale student and slam poet Emi Mahmoud is one of the BBC's 100 Women 2015.
John Higgins will face defending champion Mark Selby in the final of the World Snooker Championship.
Barnsley boss Paul Heckingbottom says he would "love to bring" Neil Redfearn to the club as his assistant.
Blackpool has the highest rate of pregnant smokers in England, according to government figures.
A 70-year-old Swansea City fan has bought a train ticket which allows him to follow the team throughout the Euro 2016 championships.
Sepp Blatter says he will remain as Fifa president despite being banned from football for eight years.
The mother of an 11-year-old boy who was killed by his father in a public place has been named Australian of the Year for her work campaigning against domestic violence.
Lincolnshire Police is to move from its current base at West Parade to a new joint ambulance, police and fire station at South Park.
A new exhibition in Grimsby is celebrating the town's fishing heritage, which saw it become the largest fishing port in the world in the 1950s.
A new poll has suggested that support for independence in Scotland has risen since the referendum last year, with 51% now saying they would vote Yes if there was another vote.
A man has been shot dead in an apparent gangland attack in the Sheriff Street/Oriel Street area of Dublin.
The UK Prime Minister has met US President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel for talks in Berlin.
A new report has warned that the Scottish government and NHS bosses "have not planned their NHS workforce effectively for the long term".
Liverpool Ladies manager Matt Beard says midfielders Fara Williams and Niamh Fahey, as well as striker Asisat Oshoala, will be out for "a couple of months" with injuries.
Thousands of refugees have arrived in Munich after travelling through Austria from Hungary.
The spokesman for South Sudan's president says rebel leader Riek Machar has "no space" in the country and should not return before elections in 2018.
Germany's intelligence agency spied on European firms at the request of the US National Security Agency, media reports say.
Norway's Marit Bjoergen became the most decorated Winter Olympian of all time with her victory in the 30km cross-country skiing event.
A man who was hit by a car at a petrol station in Hull said he feared he would die in the incident.
Bath prop Nathan Catt has been banned for three games after being found guilty of punching an opponent in a Premiership match.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has started using body cameras in a bid to improve the quality of evidence gathered by officers.
A "see-through" swimming pool bridge is to be built between two high-rise buildings in London.
England have been bowled out for 242 in the second Test against Pakistan, with the hosts leading by 358 runs at the close of play on day three.
A man from Romania survived a flight from Vienna to London hidden in the undercarriage of the plane.
World number one Jordan Spieth has branded a social media user a "troll" after the American was criticised for his form.
Ricky Burns wins unanimous points decision against Kiryl Relikh to retain WBA world super-lightweight title.
Pet shops in San Francisco will no longer be allowed to sell dogs and cats, after a new law was brought in.
Some of the best views in the UK can be found in Scotland, according to a new poll.
The Jane Austen's House Museum has raised enough money to buy a ring once owned by the author, after an export bar was placed on it.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari is coming under increasing pressure as he fails to deliver on his promises to fix the country's many problems.
Aviva is to close its claims office in Belfast, with the loss of up to 300 jobs.
Daniel Craig will return as James Bond in the next instalment of the franchise, to be directed by Sam Mendes.
A mass grave containing the remains of "a number of individuals" has been discovered at the site of a former home for unmarried mothers and their children in Ireland.
A video has emerged of a rebel fighter in Syria apparently cutting out the heart of a soldier and biting into it.
A new poll has found that more people in Wales would vote for David Cameron as prime minister than for Ed Miliband.
The Nigerian militant group Boko Haram has been behind a recent spate of attacks on oil facilities in the country. The group's aim is to reduce Nigeria's output and damage its economy.
Francesco Molinari held off a late charge from Danny Willett to win the Italian Open and claim his first European Tour title in four years.
A fire that ripped through a plastics recycling plant in Stoke-on-Trent was started deliberately, police have said.
Hull City are interested in signing Reading's Wales international defender Chris Gunter, but are yet to make a formal bid.
The former owner and two employees of a peanut company have been charged with conspiracy, fraud and shipping adulterated food in connection with a salmonella outbreak that sickened hundreds of people in 2008 and 2009.
The Liberal Democrats have pledged to increase the tax-free personal allowance to £12,500 by the end of the next parliament, if they are in government.
Andy Murray eases into Wimbledon quarter-finals with a straight-sets win over Nick Kyrgios.
A woman who has lived in Pakistan for over a decade after straying across the border as a child is set to return to India after she was identified by her family.
The US and Turkey have agreed to co-ordinate their military action against so-called Islamic State, the Turkish foreign minister has said.
An elderly woman has been arrested after a 12-hour standoff with police in which she pointed a gun at officers and threatened to shoot anyone who came near her.
A fifth person has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Northampton.
The UK government is planning to rush through emergency legislation to allow police and security services to access phone and internet data.
Ethiopia is facing its biggest anti-government protests in 25 years, with demonstrators from the Oromia and Amhara regions taking to the streets.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says qualifying for the top six in the Scottish Premiership would not be a failure for his side.
At least 40 people have been killed in government air strikes and Russian air strikes in the city of Palmyra in Syria, according to reports.
Ethiopian troops are reported to be in South Sudan searching for more than 100 Ethiopian children abducted in a cross-border raid last week.
Asylum seekers from the "Jungle" camp in Calais are being temporarily housed in a village in Hillingdon which could be demolished if a third runway is built at neighbouring Heathrow Airport.
Tottenham Hotspur are the only unbeaten team in the Premier League after beating Manchester City 2-0.
BBC television presenter Sir Bruce Forsyth has been forced to pull out of hosting a show after suffering a fall at his home.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of her father at his home in Cardiff.
Barcelona's Aleix Vidal will be out for five months after suffering a dislocated ankle and fracture in Saturday's La Liga match at Alaves.
The Pensions Regulator says it was not given "sufficient information" about the sale of BHS ahead of time to assess the impact on the pension scheme.
A court in India has ordered the release of funds frozen by the government in 2014 from Greenpeace India and Climate Works Foundation.
Wrexham will be looking to return to the Football League this season under new manager Gary Mills.
A former Labour MP who wants to regain his seat has said he will vote against the high-speed HS2 rail link unless he gets more assurances.
A total of 100 claims have been deemed eligible for compensation from General Motors over a faulty ignition switch which has been linked to at least 124 deaths.
The UK is likely to be found in breach of air pollution rules by the European Court of Justice, an advocate general has said.
A man has been charged in relation to a series of fires in Aberdeen and the surrounding area.
Belfast is set to launch a new public bicycle hire scheme later this month, but some critics are wondering if the city is really ready for it.
The Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) has said it does not intend to demolish any houses to make room for a new stadium in west Belfast.
An investigation is under way after a "substantial amount" of explosives was found at a community centre in north Belfast.
Wales will face Georgia in their final autumn international on 18 November, the Welsh Rugby Union has announced.
The US has vowed to bring to justice those who carried out an attack on its consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi in which the ambassador and three other Americans died.
A survey of moths in the UK has found that some species are better at dispersing than others, and that woodland species are the most effective.
The Paris climate agreement will come into force on Friday, after China and the US formally committed to it.
A number of bars in Australia have stopped selling Coopers beer after the company was featured in a video by a religious group opposing same-sex marriage.
Sudan's government has been accused of downplaying the severity of a cholera outbreak that has killed 265 people and infected more than 16,000.
Bristol City ended a run of seven games without a win as Aden Flint headed in against fellow strugglers Wigan Athletic.
A businessman in Dudley has got people to wear Piers Morgan masks and ride a local Ferris wheel to mark April Fools' Day.
A new study has found that koalas are able to use specially-installed wildlife crossings to safely cross roadways.
A report commissioned by the Welsh Government has found that a shorter school week could offer benefits such as more free time for pupils and more training opportunities for teachers.
Veterans and members of the public have taken part in acts of remembrance to mark Armed Forces Day.
Taylor Swift, who is nominated for four Brit Awards, has been named woman of the year at the Elle Style Awards.
One in five children will experience mental health problems before they are 11, but only a third of schools have an on-site counsellor, according to research by the charity Place2Be and National Association of Head Teachers.
Ex-Bolton boss Neil Lennon says he has sympathy for Sam Allardyce but "it's high time" allegations of widespread corruption in English football have been exposed.
Indonesian police have arrested seven men they say were planning to attack Singapore with rockets.
The government is asking festival organisers to warn people about the dangers of taking "legal highs".
The States of Guernsey is conducting a review of the island's airline, Aurigny, with a view to determining its long-term future. The review will consider a range of factors, including the airline's financial performance, the
A 23-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man in his 50s was found dead in a pub car park in Leicestershire.
The annual Perseid meteor shower reached its peak early on Thursday morning, with as many as 100 meteors visible per hour.
Surrey batsmen Moises Henriques and Rory Burns are said to be in "decent shape" after being taken to hospital with serious injuries following a collision in a T20 Blast game.
Britain's Jonnie Peacock says he is the underdog for gold in the men's T44 100m final at the Rio Paralympics, despite being the world record holder.
The search for Ben Needham, who went missing on the Greek island of Kos in 1991, is focusing on a new area of land.
Premiership rugby union club Wasps say they have raised £35m from a bond sale to help pay for their 32,600-seater stadium in Coventry.
A baby boy who was born 14 weeks premature is set to go home after spending nearly four months in hospital.
The reggae band UB40 has endorsed Jeremy Corbyn for Labour leader, saying he has inspired young people and offered a "believable" alternative to business as usual.
Goalline technology will be used in this season's Championship play-off semi-finals and final, the English Football League has confirmed.
Voting in Egypt's presidential election has been extended for a third day after a low turnout.
Barnsley FC owner Patrick Cryne has died at the age of 66 following a battle with cancer, the Championship club has announced.
British astronaut Tim Peake has tweeted from space after carrying out a spacewalk on Friday.
A £2.3 million scheme to regenerate Stranraer's town centre has been given a cash boost.
Senegalese singer Thione Seck has appeared in court on charges of money laundering, after he was arrested earlier this month.
Welsh dairy farmers are finding it difficult to make ends meet as the price of milk has dropped by 10p a litre in the last 10 months.
H&M reports a 36% rise in quarterly profits, but warns that its margins could be hit by the strong US dollar.
The Cardiff Devils overcame a three-goal deficit to beat the Belfast Giants 5-3 in the Elite League.
Georgian billionaire Bidzina Ivanishvili has been interviewed about his political ambitions and art collection.
Dominique Strauss-Kahn, the former head of the IMF, has been appointed as an adviser to the Serbian government.
At least 28 troops have been killed in clashes between government forces and Houthi rebels in Yemen, military sources say.
The Israeli president and Australian prime minister are among those sending gifts to celebrate the birth of Princess Charlotte.
A British woman who claimed she was raped by two men in Dubai has had her rape charge dropped after video footage of the alleged attack was found on one of the suspects' phones.
Tom Daley and Becky Gallantree won gold for Great Britain in the mixed 3m synchronised springboard event at the World Diving Championships.
Ferrari let a golden opportunity to win the season-opening Australian Grand Prix slip through their fingers, says ANDREW BENSON.
The NHS in England missed its target for A&E waiting times in January, with the worst monthly performance since the target was introduced in 2004.
Twitter chief executive Dick Costolo is to step down, effective 1 July, the firm has announced.
Cathay Pacific has become the latest airline to ban the transport of shark fin, following pressure from conservationists.
The lawyer for 58 of the victims of sexual abuse in Rotherham has said that "radical change" is needed for more victims to come forward.
Two people have been injured in a crash on the M8 motorway in Scotland.
Work to protect homes from flooding in a Powys town has been delayed after a single objection.
The Guernsey government is to start charging divers £150 for treatment in a hyperbaric chamber, after it replaced one that had been operated by a charity.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a car crash in which two men died.
A memorial walk is taking place in Bristol for teenager Becky Watts, who was found dead nearly two weeks after she was reported missing.
An SNP councillor has resigned after being suspended for allegedly sending racist and offensive messages online.
The Indian government has increased its spending in an effort to spur economic growth in the country.
The architect of the controversial "poll tax", which led to riots in London and the downfall of Margaret Thatcher, has admitted it was a "mistake".
Top showjumper Scott Brash has been ruled out of the Olympics after his two main horses were injured.
The European Parliament has called on the EU to impose an arms embargo on Saudi Arabia over the war in Yemen.
One person has been killed and several injured in protests in Indian-administered Kashmir after Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the region.
Humberside Police is to scrap its mounted unit as part of cost-saving measures.
Robert Norman is on trial for misconduct in a public office, accused of being paid Â£10,000 for 40 tips to a journalist while working as a prison officer.
The leader of Dorset County Council has resigned following a vote against plans to merge the authority with Bournemouth and Poole Borough Council.
A woman who was left with a large open wound on her back following treatment for cancer has undergone a successful transplant using skin and tissue donated by her identical twin sister.
The education minister has announced plans for a "sweeping reform" of the way new teachers are trained in Wales.
Chilean President Michelle Bachelet has said that an 11-year-old girl who became pregnant after being raped should be allowed to have a therapeutic abortion.
Fidel Castro, who has died at the age of 90, was born into a wealthy family but embraced Marxism and fought a guerrilla war to topple the Cuban government.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Glasgow.
New Zealand seamer Neil Wagner has been signed by Essex on a Kolpak deal for the 2017 season.
Yeovil and Exeter played out a goalless draw in the League Two game at Huish Park.
A local authority in England has been criticised by a judge for unlawfully taking a child into care and breaching the family's human rights.
A company that charged small businesses for managing their Google My Business listings has been wound up following an investigation.
The Iraqi army is slowly driving Islamic State (IS) militants out of the country, but unless there is national reconciliation, the militants will just come back, five years down the line.
A deer that ran into a Pennsylvania supermarket and knocked over a customer has been safely escorted out by a local hunter.
The European Commission has proposed new rules that would make it simpler for users to control cookies.
A British student who died in Thailand was "vibrant, passionate, happy" and "seized life by the horns", her family has said.
In rural India, the stigma and shame associated with rape means many women choose to remain silent.
The number of complaints made against police in Wales has risen by 43% in the last year, new figures have shown.
The European Commission has asked Bulgaria to halt work on a Russian-backed pipeline that would ship gas to western Europe, amid concerns it may break EU competition rules.
Kraigg Brathwaite took six wickets as Sri Lanka were bowled out for 206 on the second day of the second Test in Colombo.
Uganda wildlife officials have seized more than 800 pieces of ivory, believed to be worth up to $6.7m, in the capital, Kampala.
At least 12 people have died after a minibus carrying Turkish tourists crashed in the south-west of the country.
Three men have been treated for smoke inhalation after a fire at a hotel in central London.
Mahmood Al Zarooni, the trainer of Godolphin's UK operation, has been banned from racing for eight years after being found guilty of administering steroids to 15 horses.
Centre Mark Bennett says Scotland can still win the Six Nations despite their opening defeat by Wales.
Southend United have completed the signing of Burnley striker Chris Long on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Harlequins and Gloucester played out an entertaining 35-35 draw at Twickenham, with neither side able to find a winning score.
The Old Vic has announced that its first production under new artistic director Matthew Warchus will be a stage adaptation of Groundhog Day.
Ali Carter wins the final frame to beat Michael White 10-9 and reach the quarter-finals of the UK Championship.
A man who tried to meet an 11-year-old girl for sex after grooming her online has been found guilty of child sex offences.
Lando Norris, 17, has impressed McLaren by setting the second fastest time at the Hungaroring on Wednesday in a test for the team.
Six video games - Pong, Super Mario Bros, Pac-Man, Tetris, Doom, and World of Warcraft - have been inducted into the US National Video Game Hall of Fame.
Home Retail Group, the owner of Argos and Homebase, has warned that full-year profit could be below market expectations.
At least four people have been killed and 18 injured in a suicide bomb attack near a Shia mosque in the Saudi city of Dammam, officials say.
North Ferriby United picked up a valuable away win with a 1-0 victory at Gateshead.
A Pakistani court has acquitted two men and granted bail to two others over the murder of British woman Samia Shahid, who was killed in what her family believe was an "honour killing".
The UK parliament's Treasury committee has criticised the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) for mishandling a pre-briefing of its life insurance review.
At least 12 soldiers and 15 militants have been killed in clashes in Yemen's biggest province, officials say.
Google has begun calling the Palestinian Territories "Palestine" on its products and maps.
A Labour peer and former security minister has argued that the UK must maintain its steel-making capability for the sake of national security.
A bill that would impose fresh sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea is heading to the US Congress, where it is expected to pass.
In his Easter message, Pope Francis has urged people to use "weapons of love" to combat the evil of terrorism.
At least six soldiers have been killed in an attack by al-Shabab militants on an African Union base in Bulo-burde, Somalia.
Experian credit expert James Jones answers some questions on credit ratings.
A health trust has warned staff not to express political opinions on social media ahead of the Northern Ireland Assembly elections.
Debutant spinner Kiran Carlson takes 5-28 as Glamorgan bowl Northants out for 208 on the opening day of their County Championship match.
A funeral has been held for a 19-year-old man who was shot in Leeds.
The Jungle Book reboot has continued to dominate the global box office, while new release Mother's Day has flopped.
Alesha Dixon has signed a deal to write two books about a young girl who is a superhero.
Homeowners in the UK borrowed a record amount of money in 2015, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML).
The TUC has called on employers to introduce more flexible working arrangements during periods of hot weather, in order to keep staff comfortable and productive.
The heart-wrenching image of a drowned Syrian toddler has led to calls for the UK to do more to help refugees - but there is little appetite for this among the British public, says the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg.
1. Read a lot! 2. Write every day. 3. Be patient.
A plaque has been unveiled at the former office of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, a year after 17 people were killed in a terrorist attack.
Emily and Gabby take Newsround cameras around their high school in West Virginia, giving a peek into what school is like in the US.
The US economy grew at an annual rate of 3.5% in the third quarter of 2014, official figures have shown.
A 6.0 magnitude earthquake has struck the US state of California, causing extensive damage to buildings and infrastructure.
Liberal Democrat leader in Wales Kirsty Williams says her party has defied expectations in the past and can do so again in this year's assembly elections.
Rangers have signed former Croatia midfielder Niko Kranjcar on a two-year deal.
A man who was charged with assaulting his wife killed her and their two children before killing himself, police say.
Guy Hedger, 61, was shot dead during a burglary at his home near Ringwood in Dorset, police say.
The Treasury is writing to cabinet ministers to ask for £20bn of spending cuts over the next five years.
David Masters took 7-41 as Worcestershire were all out for 230 on the first day of their County Championship game against Essex.
A Muslim woman was ejected from a Donald Trump rally in South Carolina after she held up a sign saying "Salam, I come in peace".
Our panel of experts - former England centre Jeremy Guscott, ex-Wales fly-half Jonathan Davies, former Ireland hooker Keith Wood and former Scotland scrum-half Andy Nicol - discuss the 2017 Six Nations.
Athlete and Commonwealth Games silver medalist Katarina Johnson-Thompson discusses the importance of positive thinking for athletes.
Engineering firm Wood Group has announced a 39% fall in profits in the first half of the year, as the oil and gas market continues to weaken.
Yusuf/Cat Stevens has released a new song, He Was Alone, inspired by the story of three-year-old Syrian refugee Alan Kurdi, who drowned while trying to reach Europe.
Former Hull City midfielder Ian Ashbee says the club's next manager will be foreign and has "no chance" of keeping the club in the Premier League.
World number one Andy Murray will play Swiss third seed Stan Wawrinka in the first French Open semi-final on Friday.
Controversial author and activist Ayaan Hirsi Ali has cancelled her speaking tour of Australia and New Zealand due to security concerns.
Police in Mexico have found a tunnel leading out of a prison in the north-eastern state of Tamaulipas.
A hiker in Norway has found a 1,000-year-old Viking sword in a mountain.
The UK government is facing criticism for its decision to ban schools from allowing absence for family holidays during term time. More than 125,000 people have signed a petition against the move.
A psychological phenomenon known as "loss aversion" may explain why more Americans are in favour of Obamacare than ever before, as the Republicans' plan to repeal and replace the healthcare law faces significant opposition.
Kwame Kwei-Armah's new stage show One Love, The Bob Marley Musical, is not "sing-a-long-a-Bob", but "a play with music".
Coventry City have signed defender Aaron McDonald from Northampton Town.
A police force has been criticised for its handling of a case involving the sexual exploitation of a 14-year-old girl.
The Ulster Orchestra has warned that it may have to close by the end of the year unless it receives £500,000 in emergency funding.
Scotland is beautiful in the springtime.
The EU's Trade Commissioner has said the bloc is not capable of signing a trade agreement with Canada, after talks on a wide-ranging deal collapsed.
Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha says he changed his team talk on the advice of assistant Helder Baptista to ease tension among the players.
The man who murdered and dismembered a woman in Montrose, Scotland, is to appeal against his conviction and sentence.
The Conservative Party has agreed a deal with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to support Theresa May's minority government.
A man who stole a mobile phone from a 20-year-old man who was later murdered has been given a suspended prison sentence.
Kenya's police are torturing and disappearing people suspected of terrorism, a report says.
The UK Border Force has released details of more than 83,000 items of counterfeit merchandise that were seized in December.
Plans for a new water sports centre and cafe in Porthcawl have been approved by councillors, despite objections from residents.
Manchester City's match against Houston Dynamo on Friday has been cancelled because of severe flooding in Houston.
Scientists in Wales are helping to develop new commercial uses for frankincense, the resin best known for being one of the gifts given to the infant Jesus in the Bible.
The scale of child sexual abuse in Rotherham should be a "wake-up call" for Scotland, the Barnardo's charity has said.
A man who escaped from a hospital in Darwin, Australia, has been found by police after a two-day search.
New Zealand prime minister John Key has announced that New Zealanders living in Australia for at least five years will be able to apply for citizenship.
At least two children have died and five others have been seriously injured after swallowing button batteries in Greater Manchester in the last 18 months, a doctor has warned.
Aberdeen, Celtic, Hearts, Partick Thistle, St Johnstone and Kilmarnock all won in the Premiership, while Dumbarton, Falkirk, Queen of the South, Raith Rovers, St Mirren and Inverness Cal
Italian rider Ivan Basso has pulled out of the Tour de France after being diagnosed with testicular cancer.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has won the Welsh Open for a record-equalling fourth time with a 10-5 victory over Neil Robertson in Cardiff.
The University of Ulster is offering students the opportunity to relieve exam stress by spending time with therapy dogs.
The RSPCA is investigating the death of an 18-month-old cat which was found mutilated in Cannock.
Derby County midfielder Craig Bryson says the players must take responsibility for the club's poor season and that the next two games are "must-wins" if they are to have any chance of making the play-offs.
A Â£200,000 scheme to improve safety on a road in Swansea, where two pedestrians have been killed in separate incidents, is being proposed.
Midfielder Matt Bloomfield and striker Paul Hayes have signed one-year contract extensions with Wycombe Wanderers.
The head of the MAC has urged political parties in Northern Ireland to increase investment in the arts.
The Indian government has asked internet service providers to block 857 porn sites, but it is not clear how long the ban will last or how effective it will be.
A new microscope has found evidence of microbes in 400-million-year-old basalt rock recovered from the Pacific Ocean floor - and scientists hope it will help them find similar evidence on Mars.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is in the Republic of Ireland for a three-day visit.
The first group of Cuban migrants to be flown from Costa Rica to the US under a new agreement has arrived in the border city of Laredo, Texas.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has suggested there should be a separate leader for the party in Wales, similar to the situation in Scotland.
Two men have been seriously injured in an attack in Edinburgh.
Leeds United boss Garry Monk says he is "hugely disappointed" with defender Charlie Taylor after he pulled out of the final game of the season.
Jockey Club racecourses will limit the amount of alcohol that can be bought by racegoers to four drinks per person.
More girls than boys want to go to university, according to a new study by the Sutton Trust charity.
The majority of the world's urban population is exposed to air pollution that exceeds recommended safety levels, the World Health Organization (WHO) has said.
Allan Mukhwana is a game developer in Kenya who has created games with a social message, such as one where players have to kill mosquitoes in order to earn mosquito nets for families living in malarial zones.
Bernie Sanders wins the Wisconsin Democratic primary, giving him a much-needed boost of momentum in his bid to catch front-runner Hillary Clinton.
Essex have signed New Zealand pace bowler Matt Quinn on a two-year deal.
England women's cricket team has added Fran Wilson to its list of centrally contracted players.
Bangladesh police have charged 12 people with the murder of an Italian aid worker, who was gunned down in the capital, Dhaka, in September.
Great Britain won three golds, two silvers and two bronze medals on the second day of the European Para-swimming Championships in Funchal.
In this video, you can see what it's like for a footballer to take a free kick in front of a huge crowd. From Carlos' point of view, you can see him run out onto the pitch, watch an incredible Luis Fig
A report has warned that the UK economy is showing signs of slowing down ahead of the EU referendum.
Bristol's controversial residents' parking scheme has been extended to the city's final area, Spike Island.
Wolverhampton has been ranked as the least prosperous city in the UK, according to a new study.
The BBC has said its iPlayer catch-up service will be added to Apple TV "in the coming months".
Cuala have become the first Dublin club to win the All-Ireland club hurling title after beating Kilkenny's O'Loughlin Gaels in the final at Portlaoise.
Part of a Birmingham mosque has collapsed while work was being carried out to replace the building's floors.
A woman has denied killing her eight-year-old niece by hitting her with a belt and a wooden spoon in a "savage" attack.
The body of a 38-year-old woman who went missing in Exeter three weeks ago has been found.
A gay Polish priest who came out on the eve of a key Vatican meeting has accused the Church of making the lives of millions of gay Catholics "a hell".
Serena Williams has been knocked out of the Miami Open in the fourth round by Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Jason Nelson has been accused of murder, rape and sexual assault.
Cheap Trick, Chicago, Deep Purple, NWA and Steve Miller are to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
England's Test series victory in India is one of the greatest achievements in the country's cricketing history, says BBC Sport's Pat Murphy.
The number of fly-tipping incidents reported in England has risen by almost 30% in the last year, official figures have revealed.
A 21-year-old man has been stabbed to death at Pentonville Prison in London.
Two lionesses have escaped from Nairobi National Park and are on the loose in the Kenyan capital.
The Vote Leave campaign is focusing on immigration in the final phase of the EU referendum campaign, after seeing a path to victory in pollsters' findings.
A judicial review into plans for a giant wind farm in Shetland has been adjourned.
A police dog that fell 12ft (3.5m) from a motorway bridge is expected to make a full recovery, his handler has said.
The UK has requested that five more British jihadists be added to a UN sanctions list in an effort to stem the flow of recruits to the Islamic State group.
Trinity Mirror is consulting on plans to close its printing site in Cardiff and move production of the Western Mail and South Wales Echo to England. The company is also in talks to sell its Media Wales building in Cardiff city centre.
Scientists are developing a way of producing meat in the laboratory, which they say could help reduce the environmental impact of meat production.
A new scheme in Wales will give 16-18 year olds a third off bus fares.
The family of a Polish truck driver killed in the Berlin Christmas market attack has thanked a British driver who raised money for them.
The use of meldonium by athletes will be banned from 1 January 2017, World Anti-Doping Agency president Craig Reedie has said.
The black-white achievement gap in the United States is a result of resegregation and inequality, and cannot be simply explained away. Schools must do more to address these issues.
Des Walker is retraining as a counsellor to help young footballers after struggling with alcoholism following his retirement from the game.
Head teachers say they are being forced to make "unprecedented" cuts to school budgets, including larger class sizes and fewer subjects on offer.
A toy figure of the character Boba Fett from the Star Wars films has been sold at auction for £18,000.
Livingston have appointed David Hopkin as their new manager on a one-year deal.
Northern Ireland's first minister has suggested devolved powers for social welfare could be handed back to Westminster if the Stormont parties fail to reach agreement.
Political parties will suspend campaigning for an hour on the first anniversary of MP Jo Cox's murder, her husband has said.
US ambassador to the UN Samantha Power has arrived in Guinea as part of a trip to assess the international response to the Ebola crisis in West Africa.
Delays are expected to continue on Southeastern trains after a signalling problem caused major disruption during the morning rush hour.
A surfer has been rescued by lifeguards after getting into difficulty during a competition in Cornwall.
England women's head coach Mark Sampson says his team are "legends" after securing third place at the World Cup by beating Germany for the first time.
The BBC is in talks with John Cleese about appearing in a new sitcom, despite the actor saying last year that he would never work for the corporation again.
EU troops have taken control of the main airport in the Central African Republic (CAR) capital, Bangui, from French forces.
A lorry carrying a load of Cotswold stone has collided with two cars on the A429 near Northleach, Gloucestershire.
The story of how a wine maker is trying to preserve the legacy of Nelson Mandela by producing a special vintage from grape vines the former South African president once tended.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown says his side must "execute under pressure" in their final two group games if they are to make the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast and One-Day Cup.
An explosion was reported at the Cheesecake Factory in Pasadena, California, on Thursday night, but no one was injured.
Jose Mourinho has been officially announced as Chelsea's new manager, saying he is in the "best moment" of his career.
A plaque has been unveiled in Bromyard, Herefordshire, to honour 18-year-old rifleman William Aldridge, who was killed while serving in Afghanistan.
Kenya have won a World Rugby Sevens Series leg for the first time, beating Fiji 26-14 in the final in Singapore.
American and German soldiers fought together to free prisoners from a Nazi castle during World War Two.
Former Coventry and Falkirk boss Steven Pressley says he is not interested in returning to management in Scotland at the moment.
Ian Hislop has said that the narrowing of social backgrounds among politicians is "one of the reasons our politics is less effective and less representative".
The Decision Review System (DRS) will be used in India's Test series against England, after the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) agreed to trial the technology.
A burst keg caused beer to rain down on customers at a bar in Galway, Ireland.
A project to create an online archive of mountaineering photographs from the last 160 years is being launched.
The family of Kadiza Sultana, who is believed to have died in Syria, say they are "devastated".
A new Derry-based football team for people with Down's Syndrome has had a surprise visit from one of their idols, James McClean.
In his keynote speech at the Welsh Labour conference, Carwyn Jones condemned David Cameron's Conservatives as being even more extreme than Margaret Thatcher.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has appointed two new senior figures to his campaign team - pollster Kellyanne Conway as campaign manager and right-wing media executive Stephen Bannon as CEO.
A man has died after the car he was driving collided with a van in Perthshire.
Trams on the Croydon line have been recorded speeding since last year's fatal derailment, the BBC has found, as drivers say a safety device designed to stop them from falling asleep at the controls has failed.
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg says the site is working on ways to tackle the spread of fake news, but that it is a tricky issue to solve.
The leader of the failed coup in Burkina Faso has admitted it was a "mistake" and that "human lives were lost".
Jaguar Land Rover is using a virtual reality game to help it recruit 1,000 software engineers.
A man who killed two sisters when he hit them with his car as they crossed the road has been jailed for four years.
A wind farm company has been warned that its plans for a 16-turbine development in Scotland could be rejected due to the "significant and adverse impact on the landscape".
A "suspicious package" found on Aberdeen beach has been destroyed in a controlled explosion.
A Liberal Democrat councillor who was on a licensing committee that granted a taxi licence to a man later convicted of raping prostitutes has been selected as a candidate for next year's local elections.
President Obama is expected to focus on terrorism and security during his two-day visit to Kenya, the first by a sitting US president.
Wigan Warriors hooker Michael McIlorum has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a dislocated ankle in their win over Brisbane Broncos.
Southend United scored three second-half goals to beat Chesterfield 4-0 and move to within a point of the League One play-off places.
A care home company has been fined after a resident died from scalding when he fell against a radiator.
Michael Gove and Boris Johnson have accused the government of making a "corrosive" pledge on immigration that it cannot keep while the UK remains in the EU.
Glenavon FC have been ordered to forfeit a match and fined after fielding an ineligible player.
Antrim hurler Conor McManus will miss his side's Ulster final clash with Down on Sunday as he is getting married.
Five more notorious examples of exam cheating.
The Ulster Unionist Party has said it is willing to discuss the possibility of an electoral pact with the DUP in the general election.
Scotland's economy grew at a slower pace than the rest of the UK in April, according to a survey of business activity.
A six-year-old boy has died after being pulled from a canal in Greater Manchester.
Rising motorcycle star Dean Harrison is aiming for podium finishes in this year's Isle of Man TT races.
An unmanned "flying car" that could be used to deliver supplies to military personnel in difficult-to-reach places is being developed by an Israeli company.
A new website that enables users to download 3D blueprints of guns and other objects is to launch later this year.
Scotland midfielder John McGinn says Hibs have the quality to retain their Scottish Cup title and win promotion back to the Premiership.
Mitsubishi Motors shares have plunged 20% after the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data for more than 600,000 vehicles sold in Japan.
Fulham beat Bristol City 2-0 away from home to move within six points of the Championship play-off places.
Billy Boston, the greatest try-scorer in rugby history, has died at the age of 82.
The number of blue badge applications being rejected in Wales has tripled in some areas, BBC Wales has found.
The winners of the Galapagos Wildlife and Scenery Photography Competition have been announced.
The US soldier freed by the Taliban in a prisoner swap deal has been flown to a military hospital in Germany for treatment, officials say.
Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has been admitted to hospital with kidney failure.
The Ghanaian government has announced plans to recruit 500 foreign doctors to help ease a shortage of medical staff caused by a strike.
US hedge fund Elliott Management has called for the removal of Akzo Nobel chairman Antony Burgmans, saying he has "failed to engage" with PPG Industries over its $24bn takeover bid.
Plans have been submitted to extend the Advanced Manufacturing and Research Centre Campus in Sheffield, UK.
New political parties are challenging the traditional two-party system in Spain ahead of the country's general election on 20 December.
A police constable has resigned over staffing levels, saying it is "impossible to do her job to the best of her ability".
The gamekeeping profession in Scotland is outperforming other areas of the economy, with 100% of students on a gamekeeping course at North Highland College securing jobs.
gunmen have killed at least 19 people after attacking Bacha Khan University in north-west Pakistan, in an area where a strong force of native militants has been operating.
Police in Aberdeenshire are investigating an attempted cash machine theft.
Five teenage boys have been found dead in Honduras, a week after they were kidnapped by armed men.
Animal welfare groups are calling for a show featuring lions and tigers to be banned, but the performer says there is no evidence the animals suffer.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a police car which was on a 999 callout in Warwickshire.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says anyone found guilty of corruption in football should be "banished" from the sport.
Hungary's ruling Fidesz party has won a big majority in Sunday's local elections, extending its grip on power. The far-right Jobbik party made significant gains, coming second in most areas.
Matthew Perry has revealed that he once bullied Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in primary school.
The government is to close the Independent Living Fund, which provides payments to help disabled people live at home, to new applicants.
The average rent in England and Wales rose by 0.8% in April, according to new data.
The remains of 136 victims of the Srebrenica massacre are being buried in Bosnia, 20 years after the atrocity.
Andy Murray will return to the world number two ranking after beating Japan's Kei Nishikori in straight sets in the China Open semi-finals.
India's Ravichandran Ashwin has been named the International Cricket Council's cricketer of the year for 2016.
The WTO is at risk of being side-lined as groups of countries do trade and investment deals outside it.
Aston Villa fans are being charged £42 for the away game at Sheffield Wednesday - more than any other club is charging for their first away game in the Championship this season.
The chief constable of North Yorkshire Police has been appointed as the interim head of South Yorkshire Police, following the suspension of David Crompton.
The West Indies have announced an amnesty for players who have not been available for selection, in a bid to improve relations and prepare for the 2019 World Cup.
Hearts coach Ian Cathro has described Sam Nicholson's red card as "foolish and stupid" and says the player has apologised to his team-mates.
Two new ramps have been installed to help ducklings get to the water at the Capitol Reflecting Pool in Washington DC, USA.
Fifteen people have been charged after police raided 35 addresses in Newport as part of an investigation into the supply of Class A drugs.
A judge in California has ruled that Uber drivers can sue the company as a group over whether they are employees or contractors.
Lyme disease is a bacterial infection spread to humans by infected ticks. The figures for incidence of Lyme disease on the Western Isles were provided by medical practices across the islands.
With the Syrian government and opposition absent from talks in Vienna, the focus will be on how to agree a political process to open the door to a broader transition.
Rangers beat Livingston 3-0 at Ibrox to maintain their 100% start to the Scottish Championship season.
A Glasgow-based visual effects studio is to create 20 new jobs with the help of a Â£160,000 government grant.
Bangor University is the only one in Wales to get a gold rating in a new assessment of teaching quality.
A leading educational researcher has suggested that schools could outsource the marking of pupils' work to countries such as India.
A Stoke-on-Trent man who has been a world-class powerlifter, handcyclist and para-canoeist is aiming to compete at the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
A US emergency dispatcher has quit after being heard telling a caller to "deal with it yourself" when she said her 17-year-old friend had been shot and was dying.
Labour is to be given a briefing by the government on the case for extending RAF air strikes against Islamic State from Iraq to Syria.
A man who killed his two sons by setting fire to his house sent a text message to a number of people saying he was going to do it, an inquest has heard.
The UK government is to sell off a chunk of its student loan book, prompting criticism from the National Union of Students.
British welterweight champion Kell Brook will step up two divisions to fight unbeaten middleweight world champion Gennady Golovkin on 10 September.
