Former supermodel being investigated after alleged row with bus driver . Tugba Ozay alleged to have grabbed man by the throat during argument . He said: 'She grabbed me by the throat and started squeezing my neck' She was travelling to a resort on a coach when the incident occurred . Ozay later said the matter was 'not important' and she has filed complaint .
Celtic Dundee United in the Scottish Cup quarter finals at Tannadice . Duo then go ahead-to-head again seven days later in the League Cup final . The trip is followed by a Scottish Premier League clash the following week . Celtic go into the game on the back of a defeat to St Johnstone .
Nazakat Ali stabbed his wife Shahzana Kausar 15 times during argument . 30-year-old lashed out after becoming angry she wanted to learn English . Ms Kausar suffered severed artery and wounds to her liver, colon and neck . 'Dangerous man' Ali admitted attempted murder and was jailed for 14 years .
The reform is expected to be included in a ‘big doorstep offer’ on housing . Backed by senior Tories including Iain Duncan Smith and Boris Johnson . Party is also considering plans to force councils to sell large, expensive council homes in order to fund higher numbers of cheaper properties . Introduced in 1980, Right to Buy led to more than 1.5million council homes being sold at discounted rates .
The abandoned hospital in north Wales was once the home of 1,500 patients who were caged and given lobotomies . Eerie pictures reveal a partially destroyed building with mangled cages, sunken floors and collapsed roofs . Photographer Mathew Growcoot described hearing a 'groan' inside abandoned complex, known as Denbigh Asylum .
Driver in Chongqing found a stray dog lying in his parking space . Irked at the cheek of it, he got out and gave the dog a kick to make it move . The dog was photographed by a neighbour exacting its revenge later . It returned with its pack and attacked the bodywork and wipers of the car .
Five Chelsea supporters were suspended by the club after a black commuter was blocked from entering a Paris Metro train in February . Those involved were also heard singing racist songs . Two Chelsea fans decided to make their own ant-racism statement . They had a flag made, which they took to the Capital One Cup final . It will also hang behind the goal for the Champions League clash with PSG . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
A cancer charity claims the NHS is using a controversial 'Death Pathway' Patients are being sedated and then refused food and water until death . Studies show that patients on the death pathway last on average 29 hours .
Henry Gevorgyan, 21, turned himself into police on Saturday night . About 60 people gathered to watch street race at 2.15am on Thursday . Gevorgyan allegedly fled scene after driving his car into crowd, killing two . Police said Gevorgyan could face murder charges and he is being held on $2 million bail . A second motorist, who police didn't immediately identify, also allegedly fled .
Black Sabbath lead guitarist Tony Iommi has written a letter to the Indonesian president . He is asking for clemency for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . Foreign Minister Julie Bishop used parliament to directly plead with the Indonesian president . The Indonesian ambassador has defended his government's decision . Chan and Sukumaran were transferred to Nusakambangan island on Wednesday .
Dog Tag Bakery trains and employs U.S. Military veterans suffering from injuries or post-traumatic stress disorder . Veterans undergo a six-month program which teaches them business and management skills on-the-job at the Georgetown, Washington D.C., bakery . Profits made from selling the baked goods at its storefront are reinvested back into the teaching program .
Roberto Mancini says Manchester City still the best team in the Premier League . Italian says City should win a title every year . Manuel Pellegrini under growing pressure at club . City faces Barcelona in Champions League on Wednesday .
Andreas Lubitz had informed his Lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression, airline says . A police spokesman say reports about video found in Germanwings wreckage are "completely wrong" Journalists at Bild and Paris Match are "very confident" the video clip is real, an editor says .
Sir Alex Ferguson will release a new book, Leading this autumn . Co-authored with Michael Moritz, it reveals tactics and boardroom politics . Ferguson is the most successful Manchester United manager of all time . He led the club to 13 Premier League titles and two European Cups . The book could provide inspiration for new boss Louis van Gaal .
Four-month-old Gabriel McFarland was killed by his father in April 2014 . The death occurred one month after the baby was taken away from adoptive parents, Rachel and Heidi McFarland, by Gabriel's mother . The father, Drew Weehler-Smith, 18, was sentenced to 50 years prison . An autopsy showed he shook Gabriel to death . Rachel and Heidi have now adopted a daughter, London . Heidi is eight months pregnant with another girl, who they will call Vienna .
Dayna Rumfelt, from Wasilla, Alaska, embarked on Operation Destroy The Dress in 2014, following her divorce from her husband of eight years . A series of photos show the 35-year-old covering her dress in mud, wearing it to go paintballing and taking it for a swim in a lake .
England welcome Australia for the Ashes on home turf this summer . Cricket World Cup winners include pace bowlers Mitchell Johnson and Mitchell Starc in their squad . England are looking to reclaim the urn after last year's 5-0 whitewash .
Assembly passed the bill 62-35 after a marathon  that included about 20 hours of debate; the straight party-line vote that attracted no Democrats . The contentious measure that will make it a crime for unions to force non-members to pay dues, punishable by up to nine months in jail . Supporters say it will make Wisconsin more attractive to businesses while opponents say the goal is to destroy unions, which tend to vote Democrat . Walker is a likely 2016 presidential candidate who rose to national prominence by taking on public-sector unions four years ago . He plans to sign the  legislation into law on Monday - this weekend he will be in Iowa at a agriculture summit with his probable GOP competitiors .
Lawyers beg for more time so appeal can be heard before executions . They claim it is 'shocking' if the duo are killed before appeal can be heard . 'Unthinkable'  to have their lives taken away before final decision made . Bali prosecutor says pair will  be moved to 'Death Island' for execution . Attorney General says legal appeals will not delay execution process . The Bali Nine duo have been ordered to Nusakambangan 'for first time' After weeks of delays the pair will leave Bali 'for sure' for their final journey .
READ MARTIN SAMUEL'S EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW WITH TIM SHERWOOD . Sherwood speaks about his emotional touchline antics and passion . Aston Villa manager compares club to Everton who should aim higher . Says it is a 'massive club' and also talks about leadership quality . Sherwood was let go as Tottenham manager at the end of last season .
The astonishing encounter occurred in front of visitors at the Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve in India . Onlookers gasped as they assumed the spotted deer fawn would face a swift death . Photographer Souvik Kundu, 35, witnessed the tigress nuzzling the fawn and carrying it gently in its mouth .
Lionel Messi took to social media to give Brian Rossi his latest boots . Rossi is from Messi's hometown of Rosario where the star grew up . Messi has been in exceptional form this year and has scored 43 goals . The 27-year-old is preparing to face El Salvador with Argentina . READ: Messi's Argentina squad cheer on Indiana Pacers star Luis Scol .
Lurcher found roaming the streets just days from death rescued by RSPCA . Skeletal dog's rib cage and spine can be seen and she was missing fur . Canine met a Jack Russell on the streets and pair were wandering together . RSPCA inspector says lurcher is one of the worst neglect cases ever seen . Both of the dogs are now recovering and they could be re-homed together .
20 million tune in for first episode of reality show 'Wonderful Friends' Experts warn unnatural tasks causing untold damage to animals . Orangutans being dressed up in clothes face alienation from others . Adult chimp clearly distressed after being separated from baby for game .
Francis Tyrrell said he was 'spoken to like a criminal' at the football ground . He had gone to identify son Kevin at the makeshift mortuary in club gym . Mr Tyrrell told inquest he was made to rifle through photos of the dead, despite police knowing his son had been killed . Inquest into the 96 deaths heard how police later apologised to Mr Tyrrell .
Police investigating alleged abuse have handed report to prosecutors . Incidents are said to have taken place between 1968 and 1981 . Last month, Fred Talbot was convicted of abusing boys as young as 14 . Former This Morning star will be sentenced in Manchester tomorrow .
Amir Khan was pictured in 1 Oak Nightclub in Las Vegas on Friday night . Boxer posed for pictures with American TV personality Scott Disick . Khan has Backed Floyd Mayweather to beat Manny Pacquaio on May 2 .
Twitch lets users live stream games and allows fellow users to watch . Amazon bought the site in 2014 for $970 million (£650 million) It confirmed there may have been 'unathorised access' to some information . And, as a precautionary measure, has reset all passwords and stream keys . It has also disconnected linked accounts from Twitter and YouTube . Twitch receives more than 50 million unique visitors a month . It has resisted calling the breach a hack or cyber attack .
'Adelaide Box Ons' shows shocking footage of attacks on school students . The page has garnered over 10,000 likes in five days and has eight videos . South Australian police have condemned the attacks and is working with the Education Department  to find the perpetrators . One video shows a larger student attacking a smaller student and has attracted over 60,000 views since it was posted . The page has been flooded with criticism but the creator has defended it .
Keane summonsed to court accused of road rage incident with taxi driver . Former Man United player to attend Trafford Magistrates Court this month . Republic of Ireland coach accused of launching foul-mouth tirade . Incident occurred in Altrincham, Greater Manchester last month .
US Air Force has ordered 126 craft to be used as 'target drones' F-16 able to offer 'realistic threat' similar to the Mig-29 . Will be controlled by operators on the ground during simulations .
Jessica McCarty 'tried to commit suicide before' - children's grandmother . She is the only survivor of an incident which left her three children dead . Police confirmed baby Christopher Swist, who was on life support, died . The five-month-old boy joins his older siblings Laci McCarty, seven, and six-year-old Philip McCarty, who died Friday in the botched murder-suicide . McCarty, aged 33, waived her right to appear in court on Sunday; she is being held without bond . She has been charged with two counts of murder and one count of attempted murder, but the attempted murder charge could be upgraded . In her booking photo, McCarty wears a suicide-prevention vest with bandages on her slashed wrists . It has been revealed that McCarty was investigated by the Department of Children and Families in 2009 . She was told to seek mental health counseling after the investigation .
Four-year-old girl has been locked on a bus for several hours in Warrackanbeal, Victoria . Bus driver maintains he performed routine check of vehicle before parking . Girl was 'lucky' to be found unhurt . A parent of the child then allegedly assaulted the bus driver responsible .
ISIS has bulldozed the ancient Iraq city of Nimrud with military vehicles . Jihadists have gone on the rampage smashing up rare and old artefacts . Destroyed 3,000-year-old winged statues at the gates of an ancient palace . Comes just days after they targeted a museum in Mosul sparking outrage . There they used sledgehammers and power drills to destroy old relics .
The new TV advert aims to build on Taco Bell's new breakfast menu items . Appears to show rivals McDonalds making people boring and miserable . The ad features a dictator-type character who resembles Ronald McDonald .
Rider threw cup into Corsa and said: 'Here's your stupid litter back' Film of incident shows driver rushing from car and asking him for a fight . Cyclist went to the police who he claims accused him of instigating row . Driver will face no action for litter allegations or threatening behaviour .
Young boy in critical condition after a van he was travelling in hit a pole . The 8-year-old sustained serious head injuries and was taken to Westmead . A man was reportedly arrested and blew a positive breath test reading . The 39-year-old was released by police to be at the boy's bedside . He was later charged with negligent driving and mid-range drink driving .
The 30-year-old model has been a Victoria Secret Angel for five years . Still manages to juggle work and marriage by using relaxation methods . California beauty interested in alternative practices like Ayurveda .
Raheem Sterling has long been embroiled in contract talks at Liverpool . The 20-year-old has vowed to concentrate on his football until the summer . It is understood that even if Liverpool offer Sterling £180,000 a week, he is prepared to refuse the contract . Sterling performed well in England's 4-0 win over Lithuania on Friday . READ: Sterling set to be fit for Liverpool's key top four clash with Arsenal . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
CEO Howard Schultz has said the company is trying to use its popularity to 'elevate the conversation and make a positive difference' The campaign encourages staff to write 'Race Together' on cups and strike up conversations about race as they serve customers their coffee . The company was widely ridiculed on social media for being naive and was accused of using racial tensions to boost its bottom line .
Olivia-Grace first started showing symptoms when she was ten days old . She was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after doctors found a 10cm tumour . After surgery and chemotherapy, she was in remission by her first birthday .
Experts find way of teaching body's immune system to identify cancer cells . The new medical advance allows patients to be primed to destroy cancers . In one case, woman given weeks to live cleared of advanced blood cancer . US patient still alive three years later, and doctors say she is not a one-off .
Defender Nedum Onuoha has endured a career of highs and lows at QPR . Onuoha has avoided relegation, been relegated and gained promotion . Now the former Manchester City is facing the relegation battle yet again . But, Onuoha is confident that the extra experience will see them to safety .
Man United hero says Premier League is inferior to European leagues . Chelsea, Arsenal and Man City all went out in Champions League last 16 . Scholes says the English clubs have inferior players to European rivals . Man Utd legend believes Real Madrid, Barcelona or Bayern Munich would easily win Premier League title . READ: Until English clubs learn to keep the ball they will fail in Europe .
Gunstones Bakery produces one third of the nation's hot cross buns . Around 30 tonnes of flour and 20 tonnes of fruit is used by bakery each day . Buns are produced for M&S which expects to sell 40 million this Easter . Bakery has been forced to open a new multi-million pound production line .
Five-year-old April was abducted and murdered in 2012 . Her killer Mark Bridger has never revealed the whereabouts of her body . April's parents have set up a campaign to stop indecent images of children being allowed on the internet . Mother Coral Jones will mark April's birthday this year by baking her favourite cake . The full article appears in this week’s Closer magazine real-life special, on sale now .
Martin Odegaard started for Norway against Croatia on Saturday . He is now the youngest player to start a European Championship qualifier . Odegaard, who plays for Real Madrid, is 16 years and 101 days old . He previously became the youngest footballer to play in a Euro qualifier when he was brought on as a substitute at 15 years and 300 days .
Huge response shows books still popularity despite e-readers . Children had to answer question 'Why I can't live without books' Fund set up by bestselling crime author James Patterson .
UK had hotter weather than Barcelona, Rome and Athens at the weekend - with the mercury hitting 17.5C . But  severe wind warning is in place for Scotland today, with gusts of 80mph forecast for exposed parts . Up to eight inches of rain forecast over 36 hours in Scotland, with four inches already falling in Highlands .
West Ham chairman was elevated to the House of Lords  last year . Said she would walk away from hit BBC show whenever Lord Sugar leaves . But the celebrity businesswoman said 'never say never' to London Mayor .
Sarkozy's conservatives made gains in today's French local elections . National Front leader Marine Le Pen claim to 'invade the Elysee' in tatters . Exit polls show her anti-EU party came second with 23.5 percent of vote . Hollande's deeply unpopular Socialists came joint second on same figures . The elections will determine political makeup of 2,000 local councils .
Luis Enrique wants to sign Koke from Atletico Madrid in the summer . Spain international has a 60million euro release clause in his contract . Media criticise Spain's performance in 1-0 win against Ukraine on Friday . Alvaro Morata scored the only goal of the game as Spain were give a fright . Marca: Dani Alves is looking at houses in Paris after agreeing PSG move .
Italian Gabriele D’Annunzio's sperm was use to reconstruct his DNA . Scientists analysed a handkerchief belonging to D’Annunzio 100 years ago . It had been given to his lover Countess Olga Levi Brunner with semen on it . DNA reconstruction usually requires the exhumation of remains . But this technique could now help when cases have gone cold .
Real Madrid are hopeful of signing Porto right back Danilo this summer . The Spanish giants are close to tying up a £27m deal for the 23-year-old . There has been interest from all across Europe in the Brazilian youngster . Manchester United, Barcelona and Bayern Munich, among others, have all been linked with the highly-rated defender .
Jenny Bone has recovered after husband John refused to end her life . Mrs Bone fell in to a coma after falling ill with Guillain-Barre Syndrome . Nerve condition meant she appeared unconsciousness and brain dead . Heard doctors ask her husband for permission to switch off life support . She said: 'He  went against my wishes, but I am very pleased he did that' Guillain-Barre Syndrome is where immune system attacks nervous system . Has something similar happened to you or a relative? Contact us via news@dailymail.co.uk .
Barcelona beat Real Madrid  at the Nou Camp on Sunday night in La Liga . Javier Mascherano and Cristiano Ronaldo were involved in an altercation . Mascherano went in hard on Ronaldo, who reacted with a petulant kick . He went down holding his face in a bid to get Real's Ronaldo booked . The referee did not buy Mascherano's playacting and booked him instead . READ: Five things we learned from El Clasico .
As many as 500 women and children taken from Damasak primary schools . Kidnapped by Islamic militants as troops advanced on north-eastern town . Official confirms the extremists planned to use them as human shields . Mass grave also discovered in the town, used as an administrative centre .
Ken Gregory suffered first and second degree burns to 14% of his body . Pictures of his injuries show painful blistering from his scalp to lower back . Mr Gregory's ex-wife was found guilty of grievous bodily harm with intent .
It takes longer feel impact of eating marijuana compared with smoking . Stanford researchers warn that this can cause people to eat too much . Marijuana use for over 21s is  legal in Colorado, Washington and Alaska . They require child-resistant packaging but experts say this is not enough . Some of the edibles look like Hershey or KitKat bars, and the drinks resemble the major brands of non-marijuana colas, putting children at risk .
Henry Solis, 27, called his father for help after a brawl outside of a brawl turned fatal . 23-year-old Salome Rodriguez was shot multiple times and killed . Victor Solis of Lancaster drove his son to El Paso, where family members live, and left him at a bus stop .
Nathan Matthews, 28, charged with murder of missing teenager . He was remanded in custody during hearing at Bristol Magistrates' Court . Unshaven Matthews told he will appear at Crown Court via video link . Shauna Hoare, 21, charged with attempting to pervert course of justice . She appeared in a separate hearing in the same packed courtroom . Hoare also remanded in custody to appear at Crown Court next month . Five others arrested in connection with case being questioned by police . Officers were today given a further 24 hours to question the five . Becky vanished from her Bristol home on February 19 . Body parts were discovered by police on Monday night .
Peter Gerald Scully was arrested in Philippines on child sex abuse charges . It's alleged that he scammed $2.68 million from investors before fleeing the country in 2011 where he avoided being charged with fraud offences . The 52-year-old was reportedly accompanied by a young Malaysian woman when he returned to Australia before he turned her into a prostitute . It comes after he was charged with horrific child abuse in the Philippines . The Melbourne man is accused of killing a 10-year-old girl . The 52-year-old allegedly orchestrated an international paedophile ring . Filipinos are so outraged with the case they want him to be executed .
Postmen can now deliver to a specific friends who lives nearby to recipient . Move could see the number of parcels returned to delivery offices fall . Royal Mail said the scheme would be more convenient for householders .
Tuskagee and Albany State were playing each other in a basketball fixture . But cheerleaders from both universities squared up for a brawl at half time . Dance teams could be seen trading blows and screaming at each other . The brawl took place at the Bill Harris Arena in Birmingham, Alabama .
Dozens of men lynch woman after she was accused of burning the Koran . Shocking video has emerged of mob punching, kicking and stoning victim . Attack happened near Shah-e Doh Shamshira mosque in the heart of Kabul . Footage shows men striking 27-year-old with pieces of wood and bricks . Her parents insist she had suffered from mental illness for past 16 years . Kabul officials say four have been arrested in connection with the attack . WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
30-year-old Katy's dancing sharks stole the spotlight during the Super Bowl halftime show . The left shark became particularly popular after he appeared to have lost track of dance moves during performance and couldn't keep up with Katy . The singer tweeted details of the newly-launched costume on Monday evening .
England face Lithuania in Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday March 27 before friendly with Italy on Tuesday March 31 . Three Lions squad includes first call up for Tottenham star Harry Kane . Roy Hodgson dismissed Premier League club's failure to reach Champions League quarter finals as 'a fact of life' Manchester City, Chelsea and Arsenal all went out in last 16 while Liverpool failed to make it out of group stages .
Gennady Golovkin pictured with Manny Pacquiao in California . The 32-year-old Kazakh paid Pacquiao a visit at the Wild Card Gym . Golovkin is also preparing for an upcoming bout on May 16 . Pacquiao began sparring ahead of May 2 clash with Floyd Mayweather . CLICK HERE for all the latest Mayweather vs Pacquiao news .
Phil Parkinson has led Bradford on several cup runs . Cup experience helped the Bantams to promotion via playoffs in 2013 . Bradford play reading on Monday night for a semi final against Arsenal .
Could also cost the global economy a cumulative $16.7 trillion (£15 trillion) Comments have come from UK Parliamentary group which focuses on TB . World Health Organisation warned last year that multidrug-resistant TB was at 'crisis levels' - and exacerbated by fact there is no vaccine .
The devices were unveiled at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona . Full-body virtual reality system uses lasers to track smallest of movements . This means players will be able to become fully immersed in their games . HTC’s Vive has 'full room scale' and two controllers with hand tracking . Developer version will launch in the spring followed by a consumer model .
Retired police officer said MP was protected by sex-offender sergeant . Was investigating MP but  probe was shut down by 'very senior officer' Don Mackintosh, who turned out to be paedophile, told officer stay silent . Rochdale MP had repeatedly escaped police and court action for decades . Northamptonshire Police discovered child pornography in his car in 1980s .
Brusthom Ziamani gets 22 years in prison in plot to kill a soldier, police officer or official . Police found a knife and hammer in Ziamani's backpack when he was arrested .
Giffords spoke on Wednesday calling for expanded criminal background checks on all commercial firearms sales . The NRA tweeted a link on Thursday to a story which argued that background checks don't reduce gun violence and mocked Giffords . She was shot in the head by a crazed gunman in 2011 by Jared Loughner, who had passed a background check . Up until now the NRA has refrained from attacking Giffords over her gun safety attempts since she almost died . Rep. Kathleen Rice, who is among the co-sponsors of the bill, called the NRA's response as pathetic .
Gwyneth Paltrow and Victoria Beckham swear by them . They’ve also been shown to improve blood circulation and blood clots . But how should you be using Epsom salt to get the best results?
Manchester United's only remaining goal is to finish in the top four . The club have been absent from European competition this season . But Louis van Gaal's side face four of the top six in their next five games . United have not beaten a top-half Premier League side since December . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Paul McCartney's wife Linda Eastman McCartney amassed a major portfolio of photographs of rock musicians from the 1960s to the 1990s . 'I can think of no one else who captured the essence better than Linda,' Paul writes . Linda died tragically of breast cancer at 56 .
Isabella Sankey said GCHQ should not use bulk data collection at all . Some terror plots getting through is a 'price we should be willing to pay' Labour MP Hazel Blears branded policy director's views as 'unacceptable'
Thelmo Garcia, 37, pleaded not guilty Friday to one count of child abuse . Prosecutors say on February 5, Garcia placed a bag over the head of a 10-year-old girl for several seconds at Rosewood Elementary School .
Medium Rayleen Kable and ghost hunter Allen Tiller travel around Australia . They are on a mission to prove the existence of supernatural beings – and to help ghosts stuck in limbo 'move onto the afterlife' The pair make up the local contingent of the cast of Haunting: Australia .
Alleged gang rape happened April last year and investigations are ongoing . 15-year-old along with others were taken off island and put into foster care . At the time of the incident, the girl, 6, was taken to Townsville Hospital . Mornington Island is off the coast Queensland and lies north of Mt Isa .
Leicester City's losses exceed Football League parameters of £8million . The club has attributed most of the £20.8million to costs of promotion . Leicester, who are bottom of the Premier League, could be fined if guilty . CLICK HERE for all the latest Leicester City news .
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon announced £850,000 aid package . Includes first aid kits, night vision goggles, helmets, and laptops . Gift comes after a request from Kiev for help with basic equipment .
Labour leader wants levy on all homes worth more than £2million . Levy will ratchet up to raise more on properties over £10million . Cameron and Clegg have London homes worth £1.9million, study shows . Nigel Farage has a more modest house in Kent valued at £550,000 .
England face Afghanistan in their final 2015 Cricket World Cup match . Ashley Giles believes England have been 'dozy and lazy' during campaign . Ex-England limited-overs coach Giles has praised Afghanistan's bowlers .
Dustin Johnson had a six-month leave of absence from golf . He fiercely rejected rumours it was because of a failed drugs test . He won the WGC Cadillac Championship in Florida on Sunday .
Latest research dismisses theories that yeti is an unknown species of bear . Scientists had claimed DNA from 'yeti' hair found in the Himalaya matched the genetic sequence from a fossil polar bear that died 40,000 years ago . They claimed that the hair may belong to an undiscovered species of bear . The new research concludes the hair may belong to a common brown bear . But scientists are baffled how hunters confused the fur with hair of a yeti .
The presenter and author is interviewed in Good Housekeeping magazine . Set to celebrate 15th wedding anniversary in May . Her fifth book, A Good Catch, will be released in April . Says she has talked herself out of Botox, is happy to look like a 57-yr-old . The full interview appears in the May issue of Good Housekeeping, on sale 2 April and for more exclusive content please go to goodhousekeeping.co.uk .
Style-obsessed Matthaeus Schwarz was born in Germany in 1497 . He commissioned 137 watercolour paintings of his outfits over 40 years . His Book of Clothes is believed to be the first ever fashion tome . The images have provided inspiration for a new exhibition in Cambridge .
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is one of the less known of Germany's 16 states . It was trapped behind the Iron Curtain after the country split into two parts . Twenty-five years after reunification, it is an enclave of beach and resorts .
Bargain supermarket's Made in Venice collection offers boxers for £3.99 . To take on rivals, chain enlists model Dejan Obradovic to front campaign . David Beckham kicked off trend of cheaper underwear for men with H&M range followed by David Gandy's best-selling range for M&S .
Unite chief  seeking change to union's rules to authorise illegal action . Mr McCluskey's union has given Ed Miliband more than £14 million . Tories want  unions to get support of at least 40% of members for a strike .
Mark Selby through to the second round of the China Open . World No 1 beat Mark Joyce 5-3 despite suffering from neck pain . Judd Trump also among the winners after beating Andrew Higginson .
Peter Ford has angered Twitter users after slamming Chrissie Swan . He said she is 'chasing fame' and is worried about what it says about society . Ford claimed she shouldn't have left her one-year-old baby at home . Swan is currently in South Africa taking part in I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here . If she wins her chosen charity CARE will receive $100,000 .
Trailing by a goal from the first leg, Yarmolenko soon wiped that out with a magical strike in the 21st minute . Lukaku levelled on the night soon after with his eighth in the competition . Teodorczyk and Veloso struck before the break to knock the wind out of Roberto Martinez's men . Gusev and Antunes were on the scoresheet after half-time to ease Kiev through . Phil Jagielka nodded in from a corner with ten minutes to go to give Everton a glimmer of hope . Click here to check out our Match Zone from the game .
Rory McIlroy re-united with the 3-iron he threw into lake at Doral . Presented with the club by owner Donald Trump . Repeats mistake with same club on final hole of WGC-Cadillac Championship . Dustin Johnson wins tournament after six-month absence from PGA Tour .
The currently unnamed female python will be at the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens until September . Featured in zoo's newest exhibit featuring some of nation's largest living snakes . Exhibit is celebrating the zoo's new 48ft life-sized replica of the prehistoric Titanoboa snake - the heaviest and longest snake ever discovered . An eastern diamondback rattlesnake, the largest venomous snake, has also moved into the zoo .
Richard Glatzer, who co-directed "Still Alice," has died . He had been battling ALS for four years .
On April 6 over-55s will be allowed to cash in all or part of their pension . But a financial watchdog says cashing in could be an 'irrational decision' Financial Conduct Authority says some will be 'irreversibly worse off' Adds in some cases people will become destitute as the enter old age . Treasury offering appointments to help savers decide what to do . But 'Pension Wise' service does not even have working telephone number . Savers are unable to book an appointment - with just one month to go .
Wang Cansen was diagnosed with leukaemia at the age of four . Doctors informed his parents that without a transplant, he would die . His parents had to apply for special permission to have a second baby . Baby girl, born on January 13, is a perfect donor match for her brother . Cansen says he will protect the sister who saved his life forever .
A 27-year-old man died while re-creating scenes from the Mad Max films . He died instantly when his motorbike collided with a Mack truck . Police say he was with fellow Mad Max enthusiasts who gather bienially . He is believed to be a member of the The Mad Max Silverton Collective . Police believe he was a US national and are continuing investigations .
Wolfsburg look certain for Champions League after beating Freiburg 3-0 . Kevin de Bruyne, Ricardo Rodriguez and Maximilian Arnold all scored . They are nine points clear of Gladbach in third position . Gladbach beat Hannover 2-0 courtesy of two Patrick Herrmann goals .
Brittany Spriggs was on life support after daughter's birth on January 31 . She was in intensive care at Gold Coast University Hospital for three days . Mum started haemorrhaging after caesarean and had four surgeries . She was initially sent home from hospital for a week despite her waters already breaking . It comes as hospital's chief executive ordered an independent review into birthing unit following a number of complaints .
Carl Griffiths, 22, was unable to find a pair of boots for his size 21 feet . Had been playing in size 18 boots for past three years with toes curled up . After holding them together with sticky tape, they finally fell apart last year . After appeal, was presented with custom-made boots from Welsh captain . The 6ft 8in forward is now able to play again for the first time in months .
Todd Carney is expected to be out of action for three to four weeks . The 28-year-old was taken to hospital for X-rays after sustaining injury . Carney was making second Super League appearance since joining club .
Report: Actor Jon Hamm of "Mad Men" has completed a 30-day stint in rehab for alcohol abuse . AMC's "Mad Men" begins its final eight-episode run on April 5 .
12 states do not allow same-sex marriages . The U.S. Supreme Court could settle the issue for good when it rules this year .
Ian Burnett lives 400 kms from Melbourne in a small isolated town . His family are 85 kms from the nearest shop, so he finds everything online . Ian uses the website CatchOfTheDay to find all his cheap deals . His tips include: signing up to their Facebook and checking the site after 12 . Ian has spent $28,000 online in 8 years and believe to have saved $10,000 .
Wang Wenlan has been a photojournalist in China for almost four decades . His work is a great window to examine contemporary China . His most famous series of photographs tracks China's relationship with the bicycle .
Mother-of-four Lisa Epsom broke a tooth opening her son's juice bottle . Went to the dentist, expecting to receive standard treatment to fix tooth . But dentist noticed a large, hard lump inside her mouth and ordered tests . These revealed she had a deadly, golf ball-sized tumour in her face . After major surgery to remove it, she had face re-built using her leg tissue . Has now been given the all clear but will 'never look the same again'
The 12ft long model of RMS Mauretania is to be auctioned off more than 100 years after the ship's launch . It was created by Swan Hunter which built the ship and its sister vessel Lusitania which was sunk in 1915 . RMS Mauretania weighed more than 31,000 tons and accommodated more than 2,000 people . The wooden model, which is 12ft-long and 17in wide, is to be sold at auction in May .
France hammered Brazil 3-0 in the 1998 World Cup final on home soil . Zinedine Zidane and Emmanuel Petit scored twice against the Brazilians . Ronaldo had a fit, frothed at the mouth and shook uncontrollably . The Brazil striker was taken to hospital and left off the teamsheets . He begged manager Mario Zagallo to let him play in the final - and he did .
Middlesbrough will revive their interest in Blackburn forward Jordan Rhodes . The Championship promotion chasers are keen to bolster their squad . Blackburn's own promotion hopes are all but gone now after defeat to Brighton . Rhodes is keen to play Premier League football and Boro may offer this . Boro will look to tie up a loan deal first with a view to a £10m move .
Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson reprised their roles as male models at Paris Fashion Week . They walked in the Valentino show as Derek Zoolander and Hansel McDonald .
Homeowner in Washington DC discovered the suspicious substance inside old safe left in basement of his new home . On-site testing failed to identify the liquid, but it had a chemical reaction with water . Vials of the white gooey matter were sent to environmental lab for further testing .
Lisa Orsi fell into a coma after trekking up an east Java volcano last month . The 22-year-old was a fit and healthy athlete and Gaelic footballer . She was halfway through a two-year contract at a Singapore hospital . Nine of her organs will be donated to patients in need of transplants .
Ryan Elliot Giroux, 41, accused of murder, burglary and many other offenses . Giroux was arrested in California in 2006 in a knife assault case, police say .
Expat oil workers in Abu Dhabi built sand golf course in 1961 . Form of game features putting 'browns' instead of greens . Unexpected hazards can include the burrows of desert lizards .
Two drivers were injured when train derailed in Greece's Gefyra settlement . It was headed to Hungary from Greece's second largest city Thessaloniki . Size of the freight train dwarfs the local people inspecting the wreckage . 15 of its 30 carriages which were carrying electronics came off the tracks .
The collection of 650 coins was built up over 35 years by Texas property developer A. Mack Pogue and his son, D. Brent Pogue . It includes a coveted 1804 silver dollar worth $9.8million, which is known as the 'pinnacle' of coin collecting . Each steel die used to strike coins in the early 1800s was painstakingly produced by hand, creating variations that are prized by collectors . It will be sold in a series of seven auctions in New York and London, beginning on 19 May and culminating in a final sale in May 2017 .
Tuesday is Chuck Norris' 75th birthday . The actor and martial arts master is now known as subject of tough-guy one-liners .
Notts County sacked Shaun Derry after a poor run of results . West Brom coach James Shan is in the running to replace him . Shan was in the Meadow Lane crowd for County's game on Saturday . Former Tottenham coach Ricardo Moniz is the surprise favourite .
Portugal can move top of qualification group I with a win over Serbia . Victory would move them eight points clear of Sunday's opponents . Manager Fernando Santos wants to qualify for Euro 2016 early on . Cristiano Ronaldo will be the key man, and he was showing off in training . READ: Euro 2016 state of play, Portugal have work to do to qualify .
Police say woman in SUV followed mother and daughter Eliza Delacruz . Woman stopped and talked to mother after she got off bus in Long Beach . Eliza kidnapped about two hours later by man who shot parents and uncle . She was found dead in a dumpster near the Mexican border on January 4 .
Disabled pensioner's mugging shocked Britain when it emerged in January . Partially-sighted 67-year-old  knocked to the ground, breaking collar bone . Drug addict arrested for attack and admitted assault with intent to rob . Prosecutors now call for offence to classified as 'disability hate crime' Appeal to help victim raised more than £330,000 earlier this year .
Trinity Bachamann, 13, of Apopka, Florida, was struck dead as she sat in the street arguing with her mother about who would sit in front seat of the car . Her mother, Janice Perdoza, was hospitalized and has since been released . Perdoza was pleading with her daughter to get back in the car at the time of the accident as they were miles away from home and it was late at night . The pair were struck by a 21-year-old woman who 'had the odor of alcohol on her breath and her eyes were glassy and bloodshot' Officers also found an open bottle of Mike's Hard Lemonade in her car, but are awaiting the results of a blood test to issue any charges .
Premier League clubs could field 'B' teams in the Johnstone's Paint Trophy . Football League clubs voted in favour of the idea last month . Tournament is currently played between the 48 League One and Two clubs . Last year similar plans by FA Chairman Greg Dyke were widely rejected .
Caller pleads for medical help for the man he hit with his car . Accident happens in Santa Ynez, California, near where David Crosby lives . The jogger suffered multiple fractures; his injuries are not believed to be life-threatening .
Former Texas judge says Durst case "affected me in many, many ways" Durst is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of his longtime friend in 2000 .
Labour MPs are planning to wreck an deal with the SNP after the election . A meeting of parliamentary party would be convened to veto any coalition . Members say possibility of alliance with nationalists would alienate voters . Labour leader Ed Miliband insists only concern is to win outright majority .
UCI honorary president Hein Verbuggen has been called to stand down . Current UCI president Brian Cookson will write personally for his resignation . If Verbruggen refuses, it could then become a matter for UCI Congress . Verbruggen is accused of colluding with riders to conceal doping offences .
Pakistan recorded their third successive win, against South AfricaÂ . They batted first and slumped to 222 after twice being interrupted by rain . AB de Villiers scored 77 from 58 balls to help South Africa come close . They failed to reach their target, and were bowled out for 202 . Pakistan won by 29 runs with the Duckworth/Lewis methodÂ .
Little Julian Pracz-Bandres had been visiting Spain with his mother . They were flying back to Manchester via Dusseldorf when plane crashed . He was youngest of the 150 passengers and crew killed in the disaster . His mother's family say they are still to hear official confirmation of deaths .
Fort Lauderdale officers exchanged racially offensive text messages . Three officers were fired, a fourth resigned . Police chief: "There was no criminal behavior detected"
Crystal Palace beat Queens Park Rangers 3-1 in the Premier League at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon . Wilfried Zaha gave Alan Pardew's side a 21st minute lead after turning home Yannick Bolasie's cross to back post . James McArthur doubled the lead for the hosts five minutes before half-time after good work by Bolasie again . Joel Ward added a third for Palace just 90 seconds later following fancy footwork from the tricky Zaha .
Randy Lerner, the Aston Villa owner, is due in England in coming days . He has entered into discussion with consortium over proposed £150m sale . Takeover talks are at advanced stage and Lerner's decision to fly to England is seen as significant . Aston Villa are still in danger of dropping into the Championship . CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news and takeover updates .
Nemanja Matic is glad to be back playing football following suspension . Matic missed the Capital One Cup final against Tottenham Hotspur . Midfield pushed Ashley Barnes who almost broke Matic's leg in a tackle . Matic admits title win is important following Champions League exit .
London exhibition pays tribute to Mother's Day with iconic celebrity photos . Collection taken from archives of iconic British photographer Terry O'Neill . Famous daughters include Holly Willoughby, Alesha Dixon and Leah Wood .
Luis Figo and Prince Ali bin Al-Hussein of Jordan back TV debate initiative . FIFA president Sepp Blatter will turn down the BBC and Sky idea though . The FA want to send two GB teams to the Rio 2016 Olympics . Row between home nations has broken out with Wales furious over plan . Dutch FA was denied opportunity to present video referee proposal . Football League are being kicked out of the Premier League's offices . Roy Hodgson will not be offering John Terry a return to the England fold .
Testimony focuses on shooting death of MIT officer, 26 . Sean Collier killed three days after Boston bombings . Cyclist IDs Tsarnaev, puts him at scene of Collier killing .
The Bloom family from Newport, Sydney, discovered Penguin the magpie in 2013 when she was a few weeks old . They welcomed the abandoned young bird into their home and she's been part of the family ever since . Penguin is popular on social media and has her own Instagram account with 3,569 followers . She's often found having a snuggle  in bed, dining with the family, or helping the Bloom kids brush their teeth .
Florin Ionita, 53, had been at park picnic in Moldova with wife and friends . But Maria, 49, left him alone with one friend, 24, while taking home others . Returned to find husband clutching his penis amid fears it would 'fall off' Friend reported Mr Ionita to police, accusing him of attempted assault .
Binge-eating during pregnancy say the new mum tip scales at 18 stone . Joined gym to tone up and instructor suggested she try competing . Setting sights on Miss Universe contest in Italy this summer . Four-year-old son Mason is her biggest fan and enjoys shows .
Fans  urged to be patient following huge delays on Rugby World Cup site . Many supporters have been left angry with the process of buying tickets . Debbie Jevans had insisted the site would cope with demand .
Theo Walcott is entering an 'important few months' says Roy Hodgson . The Arsenal star was starved of the ball during England's match with Italy . Walcott did little to persuade Arsene Wenger to play him against Liverpool .
David Sisi left London Irish for Bath in the summer of 2013 . Sisi followed Jonathan Joseph, Anthony Watson and Matt Garvey in move . Germany-born back-rower will return to Bath for the 2016-17 season .
Sir Jeremy Heywood given humiliating rebuke by MPs in row over advisers . Given dressing down for clearing advisers to help in political campaigning . He ruled it was acceptable for Nick Timothy and Stephen Parkinson to do ‘backroom support’ activities in private time and telephone canvassing .
Ex On The Beach star is face of In The Style swimwear campaign . Joins Lauren Pope and Charlotte Crosby as celebrity face of the brand . Reality contestant dated Kelly Brook's ex David McIntosh for a short time . Claims Kelly made 'slut' jibe during phone call about their mutual ex . All items pictured are available to buy online now from www.inthestyle.com/swimwear with prices starting at £11.99 for bikini bottoms.
Manchester United captain scored in win at Old Trafford on Sunday . READ our player ratings for Man United's 3-0 win over Tottenham here . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Barcelona defeated Manchester City 1-0 at the Nou Camp to progress to the UEFA Champions League quarter-finals . Lionel Messi produced a stunning performance as he led Barca's attack against the Premier League champions . City lost 3-1 on aggregate but the result could have been much worse had Joe Hart not made 10 outstanding saves . READ: Messi was magnificent... even Pep Guardiola was left gasping, gaping and giggling by the Barcelona genius . READ: Hart earns the plaudits as England No 1 stars during Champions League defeat by Barcelona .
The Gunners beat Newcastle 2-1 to remain in touch with Manchester City . Arsenal's No 1 now faces two friendlies with the Colombia national side .
Scientists scanned faces of 332 Chinese people aged between 17 and 77 . They were able to find patterns of ageing based on various facial features . Nose width and distance between mouth and nose increased with age . Method used to identify people who were physiologically ageing faster .
A man in suburban Boston is selling snow online to customers in warmer states . For $89, he will ship 6 pounds of snow in an insulated Styrofoam box .
Photographer Hulia Boz, from Sydney, travelled to Antarctica via Argentina in December . She lost her white camera, which she was using to take fun selfies, on day seven of the two week trip . She only learned it had fallen out of her pocket once she was back on the ship . Now three months later her camera is being returned to her after another tourist found it on the same iceberg . Moments before she lost it Ms Boz had recorded a Christmas message to chat show host Ellen DeGeneres . 'I am one lucky person who is grateful and overwhelmed by this all. Miracles do happen,' Ms Boz said .
Florin Andone opened the scoring for Cordoba after Aleksandar Pantic was sent off early on . Imanol Agierretxe equalised for Real Sociedad before half-time . Chori Castro gave the home side a 2-1 lead on 75 minutes . Inigo Lopez was shown two yellow cards to be sent off for Cordoba five minutes later . Alfred Finnbogason wrapped up the win for the hosts with a late goal as Daniel Pinillos became the third Cordoba player to be sent off .
A quarter of 1000 holiday-bookers surveyed take two weeks to plan a trip . Meanwhile 31 per cent admitted to ditching their bookings in frustration . Travel agents' interests, the overload of information online, hidden costs and fluctuating prices were found to be making Aussies extra cautious .
Party drug made legal along with benzodiazepines and some other drugs . Result caused by Court of Appeal overturning methylethcathinone ban . Health minister Leo Varadkar said the government was prepared . Tonight's session at Leinster House in Dublin will work to reinstate ban . Change has had no effect on existing laws on heroin, cocaine or cannabis .
Six-year-old Jessica Bamford of Plymouth seemed to find glue in her milk . She went to hospital after a hard white substance formed in her mouth . Doctors at the hospital said the mystery substance smelt like false nail glue . The youngster was left shaken with red marks where the liquid had been . Her mother Samantha wants an apology from Iceland for the ordeal . Iceland said it wants to investigate the family's allegations further .
Norman Lee, 47, worked on Avengers and X-Men in 20-year career . He was snorkeling with wife on Thursday when they became separated . Despite round-the-clock searches, investigators have found nothing . Tributes to 'great talent' who 'lit up the room' are posted on Facebook .
Conor McGregor to challenge Jose Aldo for featherweight title at UFC 189 . McGregor seemed to lose his temper with Aldo during face-off . Aldo has defended the UFC featherweight title since 2010 . READ: McGregor says Aldo 'reeks' of fear as he steps up the trash talking! CLICK HERE for all the latest UFC news .
Two Schalke fans arrested in Madrid ahead of Champions League game . Schalke trail 2-0 from first leg in Gelsenkirchen and look to be heading out . Fans were caught up in a scuffle with police on Monday ahead of the game . Beer thrown at police saw officers step in to arrest two bloodied fans .
Marble statue is said to have been looted from a site in Libya . Experts say it is worth £2m and dates from third to first centuries BC . Riad Al Qassas told customs it was a statue for 'home decoration'
Claire Brissenden was amazed to receive the capsule hidden 28 years ago . It included a letter from her late father Ivan and a copy of Mail on Sunday . Time capsule found by new homeowners Chris Pearson and Beth Barnes . They tracked down Claire on Facebook and invited her to view contents .
A dozen female doctors have opened up about their sexist experiences . One said she was told to 'get some knee pads and learn to suck c**k' Many female doctors feel if they speak up they'll risk their careers . Dr Gabrielle McMullin was criticised for telling aspiring female surgeons they should put up with unwanted sexual advances at work . Despite criticism from the medical industry and women's rights groups, Dr McMullin says she stands by her 'pragmatic' advice because it's true . Her comments follow the launch of a book she co-authored on gender equality .
The Wisconsin governor is on a two-day stop in the first-in-the-nation primary state . Walker emphasizes his modest roots, talks of shopping with coupons .
Ian Ritchie's words have undermined England coach Stuart Lancaster . If this had happened to me, I would be in Ritchie’s office demanding an explanation . This year is all about preparing for the World Cup . England put 55 points past France and should be lauded for that display . Coming in with no international coaching experience, Lancaster has done a very good job . Ritchie will regret what he said as England are in a very good position .
Scientists from King’s College measured 15,000 penises in 16 countries . This allowed them to announce an average size for a man's package . Here, Quentin Letts gives the men's side of the story .
Manny Pacquiao is a passionate basketball fan and player . He is an occasional player-coach for a team in the Philippines . A reporter said he'd do 100 push-ups if Pac-Man could shoot a three . Pacquiao is preparing for his May 3 fight with Floyd Mayweather .
'Was it worth it? Absolutely,' said Jen Psaki, the chief spokeswoman at the State Department . Psaki will become the White House's communications director next month when the incumbent flack joins Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign . 'The commander in chief will not allow a member of the United States armed forces to be left behind,' a White House spokesman added . Republicans hurled we-told-you-sos at the White House after Bergdahl was charged with desertion and 'misbehavior before the enemy' The Obama administration traded five high-value Taliban fighters for his safe return last year .
Xavi Hernandez will likely play his final Barcelona vs Real Madrid on Sunday . He could play for Al-Sadd and coach at Qatar’s Aspire Academy in 2016 . New York City have also made an approach to the 35-year-old midfielder . Xavi has 12 wins, seven draws and nine defeats in 29 La Liga Clasicos . His departure from the Catalan giants will be a loss for football .
A survey revealed that over a third of Brits take four or fewer baths a year . These days, you can make your bath even more self-indulgent . FEMAIL tests the products that will make your soak truly relaxing .
Media grandee is paid £183,300-a-year for his role as creative director . Gets another salary as editor and presenter of programmes like Imagine . Came under fire this week for describing working classes as C2s and DEs . Was accused of being out of touch and arrogant for using technical terms . Lib Dem MP John Hemming has now called for his pay to be investigated .
Scott Brown was photographed slumped in a street in Edinburgh last week . Celtic captain played in the League Cup final win on Sunday . Brown says he has put the incident behind him now . Celtic are pushing for a domestic treble after clinching first silverware .
A woman on Wheel of Fortune had only six letters missing from a 41-letter, eight-word puzzle in the category of 'characters' The puzzle appeared to be the names of Snow White's seven dwarfs . She named six correctly, but said 'Sneaky' instead of 'Sneezy', even though she had both letter 'e's in 'sneezy' on the board . The next contestant quickly and confidently named all seven dwarfs .
"I remember screaming for someone to help us," one survivor recalls . The first day of the Boston Marathon bombings trial focuses on the survivors . Several survivors testify about the sights, smells and pain of that day .
26 states sued in federal court and won a temporary injunction preventing the White House from mainstreaming more than 5 million illegal immigrants . Judge Andrew Hanen put on the brakes, saying the policy could cause harms that it would be impossible to undo . Now the Obama administration is going over Hanen's head to the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, demanding it overturn Hanen . Obama wants to give Social Security numbers, green cards and work permits to some who are in the country illegally, and guarantee them they won't be deported for at least two years .
Loblaws is selling misshapen groceries that are up to 30 per cent cheaper . The wonky food is being sold for its No Name Naturally Imperfect campaign . Retailer said wonky food was previously used in sauces and soups . The campaign is aimed at reducing the amount of food waste in Canada .
50% of those studied listen to unsafe sound levels on personal audio devices . Damaging levels of noise also come from spending time in loud bars or sporting events . Coldplay's Chris Martin and rapper Plan B wish they'd protected their ears .
Microwaves delivered 1.8 kw of power - enough to run an electric kettle . Power was sent through the air with  to a receiver 170ft (55 metres) away . Technology may someday help tap vast solar energy available in space . Jaxa's plan is to eventually have sunlight-gathering panels and antennae set up about 22,300 miles (36,000km) from the Earth .
Wojciech Szczesny has posted a video of himself pulling off a perfectly timed mid-air golf strike on his official Facebook account . His Poland team-mate Robert Lewandowski threw the ball into the air before Szczesny sent it flying with his drive . Szczesny has fallen out of favour with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger . He has been advised to find a new club by former Poland goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek in order to save his international career .
Jihadi John unmasked as computing graduate from Queen's Park, London . Mohammed Emwazi, 26, is believed to have travelled to Syria in 2012 . Featured in ISIS  video of the murder of David Haines in September 2014 . Mr Haines' widow wants British government to offer reward for information . She said: 'A British bounty should have been put on his head at the time' Dragana Haines said she is sure some of his associates would sell him . Mrs Haines previously said she wants husband's executioner caught alive . She wants Emwazi to 'face justice' for brutal murders he has carried out .
Schoolgirl, 15, reportedly boasted about alleged liaison on social media . Johnson, 27, held at Durham mansion after her father complained to police . Teenager, who has right to lifelong anonymity, was today named online . Sunderland AFC suspended player 'pending outcome of investigation' Long-term girlfriend Stacey Flounders is reported to be standing by him . The 25-year-old gave birth to couple's first child Ayla Sofia on January 8 .
A man was arrested on Sunday, allegedly with a replica gun . He was apprehended by officers in Martin Place, near the Lindt Cafe . The man has been taken into custody .
Mark Hughes took over from Tony Pulis at the start of the 2013-14 season . Hughes has transformed playing style of club in his short time in charge . Stoke finished last season with their highest Premier League points tally .
Becky Watts, 16, from Bristol, has been missing since February 19 . Officers spend two days combing property and its garden for clues . Forensic teams carried digging equipment into semi-detached house . They removed items in evidence bags, including bin-shaped object . Police also scoured her family home and garden of a third property .
FAA gave Amazon  green light to test a delivery drone outdoors last week . Firm says approved drone is already obsolete . New models are already being tested abroad by the firm .
Researchers plotted maps and graphs of STD rates from 1980 to 2013 . In the US, rates of chlamydia soared since 1980 compared to Europe . Gonorrhea rates are still much higher in the US than in Europe . Washington D.C. has the highest incidence of  syphilis, HIV and gonorrhea . In Europe, Moldova has the most herpes, while the UK tops the HPV chart .
Mohammed Emwazi and brother Omar were living on London estate in 2008 . Former friend of younger brother says he and Omar were attacked by gang . He says Emwazi then kidnapped the boys who attacked them in revenge . Attackers were 'threatened with gun and left on M1 without any clothes' Claims follow revelations about brothers' past links to criminals in capital .
Lona Wyn Jones, 22, died while travelling in car driven by Ian Edwards . Her mother Kate Morgan couldn't sleep after her death in May 2012 . She went to see Edwards in jail so he could apologise in person . Said that she 'felt numb' to come face-to-face with the killer driver in jail .
Keane: 'Fans don't quite understand how to run a club as big as United' Van Gaal oversaw another poor performance in the 2-1 defeat by Arsenal . Danny Welbeck came back to haunt United by netting the winner . United now have no chance of silverware after crashing out of the FA Cup . READ: Van Gaal walks out of Man Utd press conference on a sour note . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Unusual weeping willow was snapped by amateur photographer Bob Carter . He noticed its trunk curved like the bridge of a nose and had 'nostrils' Spotted the tree at cemetery where he spread his best friend's ashes .
Robert Montagu made remarks while discussing book telling of his abuse . Said 'noteworthy families' are often given more opportunities to abuse . He was groomed and attacked by his own father from age seven to 11 . Confessed abuse to his mother and family doctor but nothing was done .
It's unclear what will become of the other kidnapped Assyrians . Syrian Observatory: ISIS has executed nearly 2,000 people since June .
Pelle Wall spent his inheritance from his mother on a campaign to get his father, John Brickman Wall, convicted . The Salt Lake City pediatrician Wall, 51, was convicted of killing his ex-wife Uta von Schwedler, 49, on in March and faces life in prison . Prosecutors alleged Wall attacked von Schwedler with a knife, dosed her with an anti-anxiety drug Xanax and drowned her in her bathtub . Defense attorneys countered that the theory was unbelievable, and it was more likely von Schwedler killed herself . Her death initially was treated as a suicide but family and friends pushed for more investigation .
The 19-time champion jockey won his first race of the meeting on Thursday . AP McCoy won on Uxizandre, and is now being tipped for further success . McCoy is on board Carlingford Lough in Friday's Gold Cup .
Ali Sufi, 25, was tucking his daughter Ariana into bed for an afternoon nap . Said 'I love you' and was amazed when she said it back . Babies usually start speaking full words after a year .
Bolton Wanderers' Eidur Gudjohnsen scored on his return to the Iceland team, overturning his decision to retire from international football in 2013 . Iceland ran out 3-0 winners over Kazakhstan to move joint top alongside the Czech republic in Group A of the Euro 2016 qualifiers . Birkir Bjarnason scored Iceland's other two goals in the confident win .
Carlos Morales from Phoenix, Arizona, finally has his newborn quadruplets home with him and says he's doing his best . Supporters donated over $300,000 to the family on a Go Fund Me page . This after his wife Erica, 36, passed away on January 16, one day after giving birth . Pair went through IVF fertility treatment in a bid to complete their family . Children arrived one month before their due date and were delivered safely . Mr Morales said at the time it went from being the best day of his life to the worst and is now bringing up the children with help from hos mother-in-law . He revealed how they were discussing baby names just before she went into labor .
Newcastle have announced record profits of £18.7million for last season . The club have not released the full annual report, only selected highlights . No explanation as to how £28.5million of extra costs have been incurred . Includes sale of Yohan Cabaye to Paris St Germain for around £20million .
DJ first arrested last September following allegations of sexual assault . The former Pop Idol judge, 53, was then arrested again in December . Scotland Yard say he voluntarily attended London police station today . Latest allegations are that he sexually assaulted a woman in the 1990s . Mr Fox, of Fulham, has previously strenuously denied any wrong-doing .
Salmond made comments during 'champagne-fuelled' Spectator interview . Prime Minister David Cameron took advantage of his support for Labour . 'Alex Salmond has taken the entire Labour Party hostage,' the PM claims . His comments allegedly irritated the current SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon .
Johnathan Allen Cochran has been sentenced to 25 years in prison after pleading guilty to murder and conspiracy in the deaths of six people . One of the victims in the November 9, 2009 attack was Brooke Phillips, who had appeared on the HBO reality show 'Cathouse' Cochran's sentence came down after he pleaded guilty as part of a plea deal in which he will testify against others charged in the case . Cochran allegedly worked with three men to carry out the attacks .
Dave Fairbairn was star's passenger when she was arrested in Hertford . His head 'exploded like an egg' when he was 'thrown against police van' Photos after his release showed dried blood on 59-year-old's forehead . Mr Fairbairn, who was given a fixed penalty, has complained to the IPCC . His girlfriend is due before magistrates in May charged with drink driving .
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has hit back at ex-United ace Paul Scholes . Scholes claimed Mesut Ozil took easy option to join Arsenal from Real . Arsenal signed Ozil from Real Madrid for £42.4m in September 2013 . Gilberto Silva: Ozil is too slow and he needs to be more decisive . READ: Ozil has more assists since joining Arsenal than any Premier League player... except for Chelsea star Cesc Fabregas . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Joe Hockey has testified as part of defamation suit against Fairfax media . He appeared at the Federal Court on Monday and claimed that the article caused his family great distress, even making his elderly father cry . The court action centres on stories run by Fairfax Media under the headline 'Treasurer for sale' Mr Hockey claims that there was a  'clear allegation of corruption' within the North Sydney Forum, a political fundraising party in his electorate .
China executes three men convicted of plotting a knife attack that killed 31 . The train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it "China's 9/11"
Cinderella took $70m at US box office on its opening weekend . But some have hit out over the tiny waist of lead actress Lily James, 25 . She went on liquid diet at times during filming because of her tight corset . Twitter users have described her waist in the film as 'nearly non-existent' One user even called for fans to boycott the $95million live-action fantasy .
Squatters moved into former Institute of Directors building on Friday . They intend to stay in the building on Pall Mall for 'as long as possible' Protester says they targeted building because it was opened by Tony Blair . Aggressive anti-capitalist slogans are on display in the windows .
Election TV debates only arrived in the UK in 2010 . Broadcasters are keen to repeat the head-to-head format in the run-up to the 2015 poll . But factional politics and arguments about who is invited may derail a TV debate .
The actor described anti-Semitic attack against his 15-year-old son in op-ed . Family was on a vacation to southern Europe last summer when son Dylan Douglas was harassed by man in the hotel's pool . His father believes he was targeted for wearing a Star of David necklace .
A 15-year-old western Michigan boy faces a detention hearing in the stabbing of his 13-year-old sister in their Caledonia Township home . Sheriff's deputies found the girl with multiple stab wounds about 1 p.m. Saturday after her 15-year-old brother called 911 . She was taken by an emergency helicopter to a Grand Rapids hospital . Authorities have not yet released her condition . Her brother was arrested Saturday at their home, southeast of Grand Rapids .
Specialist Hasan Edmonds, 22, was arrested at Chicago Midway Airport . His cousin Jonas Edmonds, 29, was captured at his home in Aurora, Illinois . Both are U.S. citizens and have been caught following an FBI investigation . It revealed they had devised a plan for Hasan to travel abroad and join ISIL . Jonas asked an undercover FBI agent to aid him in an attack . Said he would use Hasan's uniform to 'target officers' at his military post . Pair said: 'Honestly we would love to do something like the brothers in Paris did .
Kevin Franklin had lights put up in November after he had a stroke . Father-of-ten from Dunstable kept them up for his autistic son Bradley . Irate neighbour sent him poison-pen letter calling his family 'pikeys' Note said: 'I don't want to keep driving past this eyesore. I know you live in a council house but there's no need to make it look like one' Mr Franklin say he will put even more lights up to raise money for charity . He said: 'We're going to make sure the house is covered and really give them something to whine about'
Smythson was bought in April 2005 by city figures for some £15.8million . Report says Mrs Cameron would have got £1,589 for each of her 275 shares . PM's wife began working at Smythson as a window dresser in 1996 . By the time of the 2005 sale, she had risen to creative director in company .
Roberto Firmino scored the only goal as Brazil beat Chile at The Emirates . Brazil coach Dunga believes Firmino has the ability to play for any team . Arsenal are said to be interested along with Bayern Munich .
Some motorists still stuck on interstate . Kentucky governor says state officials did everything they could in advance . Motorists also had been stranded on Interstate 24 near Paducah, Kentucky .
Juan Mata believes Manchester United will finish inside the top four . United are currently fourth in the Premier League with 10 games to go . Mata is desperate to break into Louis van Gaal's starting line-up . Man United face Tottenham at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon .
Dave Mackay's funeral held in Edinburgh on Tuesday . Former Tottenham and Hearts midfielder died earlier this month aged 80 . Ferguson said Mackay was 'humble' and 'modest' Ex-Manchester United boss also questioned why Mackay only managed to earn 22 caps for Scotland .
Louis Rau, 46, was arrested Friday and faces multiple charges including sending sexually explicit images to minors . Rau allegedly sent the nude photos to five student-athletes, bought alcohol for the minors and sent them sex toys over a three-year period . The ex-coach is facing 12 charges, one of which is a four-year felony . Rau resigned in January after a parent complained to Beal City High School officials about Rau's inappropriate conduct .
One of these two could play their final Champions League game this week . Both Xavi and Frank Lampard have been fringe players this season . Both still have plenty to offer, but Lampard is moving to New York City . Xavi still brings assists, but is used increasingly infrequently .
Lewis Hamilton was beaten by Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian GP . The Brit was involved in a series of curt radio exchanges with his team . Hamilton told his engineers not to speak to him as he cornered . The Mercedes driver heads the drivers' championship by three points .
Arsene Wenger played down Arsenal's hopes of a title challenge . The Frenchman thinks Chelsea 'have too much security' at the top . Arsenal beat Newcastle thanks to two goals from striker Oliver Giroud . Click here for all the latest Arsenal news .
Young Chelsea star scores twice as England win sixth game in a row . England qualify for European championships with 100 per cent record . Romania reduced to ten men as John Peacock's side take control .
Three members of the Israeli Caving Club found a pouch filled with silver . The coins, bracelets and rings were hidden in a narrow niche in the cave . The coins date back to when Alexander the Great ruled 2,300 years ago . Archaeologists believe they were hidden by refugees for safe keeping during war that erupted following death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC . Gemstones, oil lamps and pottery were also found among the stalactites . Some of the artifacts found in the cave are thought to be 6,000 years old . It comes just a month after divers found 2,000 gold coins off Israeli coast .
Howard Van Nostrand, 47, was indicted in Virginia court on Monday . Shot dead five-year-old German Shepherd Morgan on hunting trip . Claims it was because he was scared but the dog's owners say he lies .
Ross Fisher looking to successfully defend European title for first time . Englishman won Tshwane Open last year at The Els Club at Copperleaf . This year the tournament switches to the Pretoria Country Club . Fisher says he is looking forward to the challenge in South Africa .
The Robshaw family spent ten weeks eating in different decades . TV challenge saw them experience post-war rationing and nouvelle cuisine . Arrival of fridges and other kitchen gadgets changed the lives of families . A typical breakfast in the 1950s might have included bread and dripping . By the nineties, families were starting to kick back against processed food .
Jack Wilshere scores one and makes another in friendly victory . Wilshere has been out since November defeat by Manchester United . Club captain Mikel Arteta has also been missing since November . Abou Diaby has played just once this season and is set to be released .
Manchester City were knocked out of the UEFA Youth League by Roma . Patrick Vieira's side ended the quarter-final with only nine men . Thierry Ambrose scored a consolation penalty after Tomas Vestenicky and Lorenzo Pellegrini gave the Italians a commanding 2-0 lead . Thierry Ambrose converted a penalty for City, but it wasn't enough . Click here for all the latest Manchester City news .
The high approval rating Clinton enjoyed as an Obama administration official has entirely eroded . She's currently disliked by as many Americans, 44 percent, as she was in June of 2008 when she ended her presidential bid and endorsed Obama . That's a six-point drop from CNN's last poll, taken in November, when 38 percent of respondents said they weren't fond of Clinton . Still, 52 percent said her secret server isn't relavent to her abilitiy to be president; 57 percent said they'd be 'proud' to have her in the Oval Office .
Manchester United beat Sunderland 2-0 at Old Trafford on Saturday . Sections of supporters were not satisfied with the performance . United fans must accept they are not the team they were under Fergie . Louis van Gaal is rebuilding the team and it is a work in progress . READ: Adrian Durham on the difficulties of replacing John Terry . READ: Adrian Durham on Adam Lallana being better than Steven Gerrard .
Floyd Mayweather posted the photo of his casino outing on his Shots page . The undefeated champion has been training heavily for his fight with Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas . The high roller lived up to his reputation by posting the gambling image .
Christopher Greener previously held the record as Britain's tallest man . He grew to 7ft 6ins and had to have an operation to stop him growing . A coffin has been specially made for him, measuring almost 8ft long . Funeral directors estimate ten pallbearers will be need to carry large casket . Usually there are four pallbearers but Mr Greener also weighed 30 stone . He will be buried in a double plot, close to his home in south east London . Friends said former record holder and basketball player was a 'gentle giant'
Police say case is still being treated as a kidnapping for ransom . Father of missing woman tells newspaper she called him from his apartment . Abductors seized Denise Huskins on Monday, her boyfriend told authorities .
Aston Villa hammered Sunderland 4-0 at the Stadium of Light . And Tim Sherwood wants the resurgence to continue at Villa Park . But Sherwood laughed off suggestions he could be Manager of the Year .
AirlineMeals lets users upload photos of their mile-high food and rate them out of ten . The site was created by Marco t' Hart and covers 680 airlines worldwide . Stomach churning pictures include 'untouchable' fish, tasteless pasta and 'toxic' salad .
Jonny Brownlee won the second round of the World Triathlon Series . He finished ahead of Spain's Javier Gomez and France's Pierre Le Corre . Brownlee takes world No 1 ranking despite disappointing first round .
GOS security firm will provide stewards for Parma's next league match . Parma's last two games have been postponed due to financial crisis . The Italian club's players have not been paid since July .
Counsellor organised sister's hen do and was head bridesmaid last year . Family described her as the 'life and soul of the party' at the event . Others saw her crying and said she was worried about partner and work . The 30-year-old was heard rowing with her partner as they returned in taxi . He slept on the sofa and later went upstairs to find her dead in their room . Coroner records verdict of death from self-inflicted injuries today .
Ivan Zamorano starred for Chile, Real Madrid and Inter Milan . He claims Arsenal forward is already a legend for his national team . Former Barca star is in Chile's top five scorers and most capped players .
Gerry and Chris Apostolatos pleaded guilty to animal cruelty charges . They stopped feeding chickens when business Tip Top fell on hard times . Chickens were starved between December 2011 and February 2012 . Brothers pleaded guilty in Melbourne Magistrates Court on Wednesday .
England fans unhappy FA switched extra loyalty from away games . The FA intend to carry on despite fans' appeals over the change . Filling Wembley is the over-riding priority, according to the FA .
Former Newcastle midfielder Yohan Cabaye will travel to Stamford Bridge . The Frenchman has been sidelined with a groin injury since February 14 . PSG will however be missing winger Lucas and defender Serge Aurier .
Joyce Hardin Garrad, 49, was convicted for the 2012 of Savannah Hardin . Court heard she made the youngster carry wood for three hours . Savannah had a seizure and died three days later in hospital . Garrard admitted making the girl run, but said it was to train for school . A surveillance video caught the grandmother saying she would run the girl and teach her a lesson . 911 operator said she 'asked for a smoke' while girl was unconscious .
Ashley Williams' proposed move to Arsenal fell through in the summer . The deal collapsed over fears Williams was not Champions League quality . Chelsea ace John Terry played in Steven Gerrard's All-Star charity match . Terry was also the first to agree to play in Stiliyan Petrov's fundraiser .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 . Several venues had been mentioned in relation to the mega-fight . New York, the Philippines and Dallas were among those ruled out . Kell Brook defends his world title against Jo Jo Dan on Saturday .
Adolf the Chihuahua puppy bears a striking resemblance to his namesake . With a 'fringe' and moustache he shares the Fuhrer's trademark hairstyle . But owner Claire Walsh reckons the nap-loving eight-week-old is a beauty . Adolf is  latest Hitler lookalike alongside cats, goldfish and even a house .
Oz caught the attention of spectators at the Royal Easter Show on Sunday . She has a distinct marking on her nose that resembles a map of Australia . The marks only started to resemble Australia once she started to age . The Royal Easter Show is  Oz's debut on the show circuit .
Kaka talks Sportsmail through his favourite five goals of his career . The Brazilian's first goal for Orlando City makes the countdown . Two memorable strikes against rivals Argentina are also included . Can anything beat his brilliant run and finish against Fenerbahce?
Jordan Rhodes is set to complete loan move to the Middlesbrough . He also looks set to make the move permanent for £8million in the summer . The Scottish striker is nephew to Boro assistant Steve Agnew .
Rare leatherback sea turtle was found stranded on a South Carolina beach . Nicknamed Yawkey, the huge creature was so big he didn't fit on  scales . He is now being treated with fluids and antibiotics at a nearby aquarium . Veterinarians believe he may have become stranded after eating plastic . Sea turtles often mistake plastic debris for jellyfish, their favourite food .
Cesar Azpilicueta was asked to pick side from his favourite team-mates . The Chelsea defender picked goalkeepers Petr Cech and Thibaut Courtois . He completed line-up with Nacho Monreal, Eden Hazard and Diego Costa .
Pi Kappa Phi suspended its chapter at North Carolina State University . Book with 'reprehensible' quotes found near school's campus in Raleigh . School suspended social events with alcohol at more than 20 other frats . Ban does not apply to historically black Greek organizations .
So Yeon Ryu captured first individual World Ladies Championship title . Came from a stroke behind to beat Inbee Park at Mission Hills on Sunday .
Study, by the World Cancer Research Fund, found strong evidence that drinking coffee can reduce the risk of the disease . But it's not yet clear how many cups a day provide maximum benefit . Experts advise drinking unsweetened coffee with low fat milk .
Donna Vasyli is accused of stabbing her husband Phillip to death last week . Phillip Vasyli, 59, was found stabbed multiple times at their Bahamas home . He was discovered by police with seven stab wounds in his house . Police received a call about 8am local time last Tuesday and made the find . His wife, Donna, 54, has been in custody since police found the body .
Paramount plans to follow in the footsteps of Marvel and DC Comics with a "cinematic universe" It's enlisting writer and producer Akiva Goldsman to help the studio develop ideas and a team .
Jordan Lynch received 60mm of rain on his property on Sunday . He got his neighbours to tow him on  a surfboard over a fresh lake . Mr Lynch said he has been 'skurfing' neighbouring areas for a decade .
Champions Atletico Madrid are seven points behind leaders Barcelona . Atletico are also behind in their Champions League last 16 tie . But manager Diego Simeone is pleased with his side's performances . Atletico won La Liga and reached the Champions League final last season .
Many argue that suspending social media accounts used by violent extremists is a pointless endeavor . Data shows size of ISIS's support network on Twitter is shrinking as a result of crackdown .
Margaret Gretton was sacked from Burton Joyce Primary in Nottingham . Disciplinary panel told she had negative attitude to special needs children . Referred to the the children as both 'road kill' and being a 'freak show' Also said to have made racist remarks about an Asian job applicant . Hearing told that she intimidated the staff and took away drinks facilities . If allegations are proved, Miss Gretton could be struck of from teaching .
Men jailed after smuggling more than 230lbs of cocaine into the UK . Hid £25million worth of cocaine in plastic bananas among real fruit . Arrested after meeting to exchange 'treasure map' to the cocaine .
Several of Manchester United's first-team squad enjoyed a day out at the Cheltenham Festival . Daley Blind, Michael Carrick and Ashley Young were among the players who attended Ladies' Day . United crashed out of the FA Cup after a defeat by Arsenal on Monday night at Old Trafford . Rafael starred for the Under 21 side on Tuesday before attending the races with his team-mates . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
When an onion  is cut a chemical reaction  generates propanthial S-oxide . This makes up the LF enzyme and is responsible for causing tears . Scientists used irradiating ions to reduced the level of this enzyme . But a spokesman said no decision had yet been made on whether they would commercialise their tear-free onions .
Peace and Co (Cheltenham, 1.30) has looked a class act since joining the Lambourn maestro and is taken to land the JCB Triumph Hurdle . Henderson has a strong hand in the opener with Top Notch and the classy Hargam providing terrific back-up artillery for his main gun . Le Mercurey (Cheltenham, 4.40) is another French import who arrived on these shores with a big reputation and he could be ready to strike . Grumeti (Cheltenham, nap, 5.15) looks a sporting bet to land the finale . Read Peter Scudamore and Marcus Townend's tips here . CLICK HERE to follow the Cheltenham Festival 2015 Gold Cup action live!
Cardiff survived a late onslaught to win 2-1 at promotion chasing Brentford . Jordan Rhodes scored twice as Blackburn claimed 3-1 win at Charlton . Resurgent Nottingham Forest played out a goalless draw at Leeds .
Stylish granny was spotted on the streets of Bromley, south east London . She was wearing purple scarf, cream coat and driving modified scooter . Teenager took a photo of the woman as she stopped at zebra crossing .
Report: Iran's leader accuses world powers of "deception, trickery and backstabbing" in nuclear talks . Ayatollah Khamenei also criticizes a letter sent by U.S. Republican senators to Iran .
Chelsea captain John Terry has closed the door on an England recall . Terry was man of the match in Chelsea's win over Tottenham on Sunday . But he says he will not be coming back to play for the national side . Terry retired from international football in September 2012 . Decision came after being banned by the FA over Anton Ferdinand incident .
Matthew Fry shoved Ann Simmons in row over his behaviour at civic event . She accused Stoke-on-Trent City councillor of flirting with another woman . Fry pushed the 41-year-old into a door causing her to suffer a broken wrist . 34-year-old admitted one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm . Former Labour councillor also admitted two charges of assault by beating . But he was spared prison after being handed a suspended jail sentence .
Jakub Moravec travelled from Czech Republic to enjoy total eclipse . But polar bear attacked as he slept in remote islands north of Norway . Moravec, 37, was lucky to escape with minor injuries to his head and arms . Fellow camper fired revolver at bear, who fled and was later killed .
Australian entertainer Rolf Harris has been stripped of his CBE honour . Officials reviewed removing honour following his sex abuse convictions . He was awarded by the Queen in 2006 for his services to entertainment . Harris was jailed in July last year for 12 indecent assaults against four girls . Last week he was stripped of Australian honours and BAFTA Fellowship .
Canadian seal hunt is the largest marine mammal cull on the planet . The 2015 quota given to hunters by the government is 468,000 seals . Mainly killed for their furs, but also to make seal oil and aphrodisiacs . Hunt quota has been over 400,000 for years, despite decline in market . Bans on import of seal pelts has lead to complete collapse in sales .
Ash Dykes, 24, won the prestigious title for Wales at a ceremony . He is the first known person to cross the vast country solo and on foot . Ash is currently preparing for a secret adventure, to be revealed soon .
David Somers resigned from his position as Rangers chairman on Monday . Somers' exit leaves the Ibrox club with just two directors . But Rangers fans want Derek Llambias and Barry Leach to go too .
Each day Facebook will highlight posts previously made on the same date . Posts appear on a user's On this Day page, which is only visible to them . Users then have the option to edit and share these posts with their friends . It is similar to the Timehop app currently used by Facebook users . The feature is being rolled out gradually and, when available, will appear as bookmark on the site's News Feed .
Cathy McMorris Rodgers: Obama administration let Syria get away with continued chemical weapons capability . She says the Iran nuclear talks have the U.S. heading down the same dangerous road .
Danny Ings has scored nine times for Burnley in the Premier League . He has been strongly linked with Liverpool and faces them on Wednesday . Sportsmail's reporters give their verdict on if he is good enough for Anfield . READ: Ings would flourish at Liverpool under the guidance of Rodgers . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Philip Hammond refused  to guarantee defence spending will be protected . Foreign Secretary asked 10 times if spending will stay above 2% of GDP . Mr Hammond said the decision will not be made until after the election . He said spending 2% of GDP on defence was now only a 'target'
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein is one of several candidates bidding to replace Sepp Blatter as president of world football's governing body . He has received support from the King of Bahrain and Prince Sufri Bolkiah of Brunei who have a history of influencing football policy . Luis Figo and Michael van Praag are the remaining candidates in the race .
Jawbone - known as LD 350-1 - was discovered in Afar region of Ethiopia . The fossil is on display inside a glass case at Arizona University . It is though to have belonged to  the earliest member of the Homo family . It means that the Homo family emerged 400,000 years earlier than believed . Scientists think it could represent a common ancestor for all Homo species . The jaw shares features with other Homo fossils but is also more primitive . Discovery has helped fill a huge gap in the fossil record of our evolution . Scientists say it could provide new clues about how our species evolved .
The blue fabric chambray is a lighter alternative to denim . Versatile look can be dressed up for work or kept casual at the weekend . Part of Seventies fashion trend that's big on the High Street this season .
Paul Reiffer has put together a portfolio showcasing the beauty of some of the world's most famous cities by night . The British photographer has spent  over three years amassing the collection of nightscapes . Included in his spectacular collection are New York City skyline, the winding bridges of Shanghai, and the wispy reflections of Singapore's harbour .
Nine people are dead in Texas County, Missouri, at four separate sites . Gunman Joseph Aldridge, 36, is cousin to two of the victims . He killed seven - four relatives and three neighbors, before taking own life . Victim Darrell Shriver, 68, may have refused Joseph Aldridge a job . Family of shooter and victims were in a feud for years,   resident says .
Shifting to wind and solar power has increased costs to consumers . Ditching green energy targets would save households £214 a year . Report into renewable energy carried out by The Centre for Policy Studies . Found the rush to go green has been the 'most expensive policy disaster' Say no British Government has carried out analysis of costs vs benefits . Annual cost of renewable target is said to be a staggering £9 billion .
Luxury department store Harrods would prepare their high-end Easter Eggs at the packing centre in Knightsbridge . Twelve years ago the former depository was transformed into one of London's most exclusive block of flats . A two-bed flat has been put up for sale for £5.35 million - which means a waste paper bin takes up £3,360 of space . The apartment is serviced by Harrods Estate Asset Management and includes 24 hour security, car parking and concierge services .
Police were searching for the woman wearing only sunglasses and many colorful necklaces in images  shared on social media on March 11 . The photos show a young woman naked surrounded by men on a Florida beach - in one shot she appears to be trying to get away . Bay County Sheriff told Daily Mail Online on Friday that his main priority was to check on the safety of the young woman . Law enforcement were very concerned because of how young she appears . Sheriff said his officers were overwhelmed by the criminal activity at Spring Break where the population swells to up to 300,000 people . He said: 'We have a mess here... this is not the traditional Spring Break of the past'
Police searched home of Lord Bramall, a decorated former soldier . The Field Marshall was former chief of the defence staff and D-Day veteran . Part of operation which also targeted properties belonging to Lord Brittan .
Susan Watkins, 56, won the prize money with three words . She will spend the money on a holiday to Holland, her first in six years .
Arnold Palmer lauded Rory McIlroy for playing his event for the first time . The 85-year-old believes Tiger Woods will come back as 'a great player' Palmer insists he will hit first shot at the Masters despite injuring shoulder .
Dog-lover lived at home in Derby with two Labradors and a whippet-cross . But fire started while she and her housemates were at work last month . Blaze sparked by a phone charger plugged into an extension cord . Firefighters battled to save the dogs, but all three died in the smoke .
Cle 'Bone' Sloan allegedly told comment to police as he was in hospital . Police records show Sloan reportedly admitted to attacking Knight before being hit by the former rap mogul's car . The two allegedly had a verbal argument in another area of Compton, California, before the incident at Tam's Burgers . Knight pleaded not guilty to murdering Terry Carter, 55, during hit-and-run .
Commuters jump over and crawl under ticket barriers at station last night . Signal problems south of station in London and person was hit by train . British Transport Police at scene as Southern Rail reports severe delays . Station has had overcrowding problems since redevelopment work began .
Police have launched an investigation into alleged homophobic remarks . Remarks were aimed at referee Nigel Owens on social media site Twitter . Owen refereed Saturday's England v France international at Twickenham . England scored seven tries in beating France 55-35 in a dramatic contest .
Adam Milne injured heel in New Zealand's victory over the West Indies . Matt Henry has been brought into squad to replace Milne . Kiwi's will face South Africa in World Cup semi-final on Tuesday .
Matthew Cartmill was born with Trisomy 13, a chromosomal disorder . The condition is caused by an extra chromosome 13 in every cell . Causes  congenital defects which lead to physical and mental impairment . Only 5 to 10 per cent  of babies with the condition live to a year old . Celebrated his first birthday - landmark doctors feared he wouldn't reach . Condition is so rare doctors cannot say what the prognosis for the future is .
Adam Stinnett was told he was not allowed to go to school with haircut . 7-year-old attends Bobby Ray Memorial Elementary School in Tennessee .
Anne Frank died from typhus in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp . Previously thought she died on in March, weeks before camp was liberated . But new research has shown she likely died some time in mid February . Even if British troops had arrived earlier, she couldn't have been saved .
Farabi Shafiur Rahman previously threatened Avijit Roy's family . Mr Roy hacked to death on Thursday on way back from a book fair . Fundamentalist blogger was arrested in Dhaka earlier today . Elite force saw correspondence from Farabi about killing Mr Roy . Wrote on Facebook: 'When Roy returns to the country, he’ll be murdered' Hundreds of mourners gathered yesterday to pay their respects . Mr Roy's wife still in a serious condition after trying to save her husband .
Chelsea fans blocked Souleymane S from boarding Paris Metro ahead of Champions League clash with PSG because of his skin colour . The Premier League club have invited him to be a guest at the return leg . Souleymane has derided the invitation and revealed sleeping problems . Five Blues fans involved have been suspended from attending matches . Jose Mourinho's side carry a 1-1 scoreline heading into the second leg . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Young thief was horrifically burnt in the outskirts of the city of Witbank . He begged passers-by to call him an ambulance but they all refused . They said he brought his injuries on himself and should walk to hospital . Man made his way to a clinic where nurses called him an ambulance . But he is understood to have died at a nearby hospital the following day . WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Cindy Reese called police in Morris, Alabama last month to say she had arrived home to find the house in disarray . Officers found her husband, Michael Reese, shot in the head in the kitchen . Detectives discovered 'she was having an affair with 36-year-old Jeffery Brown and that they had plotted the murder' The duo were arrested after they had a lunch date on Wednesday and are now in jail charged with murder .
The mask would have completely altered the 71-year-old real estate heir's look - he also had $42,000 divided into different envelopes . Durst, 71, arrested for first-degree murder on Saturday and is now on suicide watch in psych ward . Authorities searched the Houston home of Robert Durst, 71, on Tuesday and left with two boxes of possible evidence . Durst was arrested for murder on Saturday hours before final episode of documentary, The Jinx, aired in which he muttered 'killed them all' Police in California, think he might be connected to disappearances of Karen Mitchell, 16, and Kristen Modafferi, 18, in 1997 .
Post-World Cup Roy Hodgson reflected on a team that had been bullied . England showed too much respect to teams and were quickly dumped out . Hodgson added some much-needed steel in the shape of Fabian Delph . New stronger England have won seven successive match since Brazil exit .
Nasa will fly its new heat shield from Hawaii in a couple of months . Tomorrow it will perform a spin-test of the new technology . It is known as the low density supersonic decelerator (LDSD) Nasa says it could one day be used to take humans onto Mars .
Producer Naughty Boy tweeted a demo song . Malik recently left the group . Fans are not happy .
Undercover reporter witnessed appalling hygiene at one factory . Many reports of sickness and diarrhoea, while one toddler developed sores and ulcers around her mouth . Young Chinese are big fans, and they cost as little as 10p a packet . Many consumers overseas also order them from sites such as Amazon . One factory worker had blistered finger from chemicals used in the sticks . Staff do not wear gloves or face masks when making the snacks . Journalist witnessed workers going to lavatory and returning to work without washing their hands . Campaign to convert Westerners to the snack has now stalled .
David Luiz starred as PSG knocked Chelsea out of the Champions League . Luiz scored late equaliser with a bullet header to force game into extra-time . Chelsea sanctioned the £50million sale of Luiz to PSG last summer . Luiz celebrated wildly despite playing at his former Stamford Bridge home . READ: Luiz says sorry for celebrating after scoring against Chelsea . CLICK HERE for the latest Chelsea news and reaction to Wednesday night .
Easter bunnies are supposed to be friendly characters that bring gifts . But cheap costumes often leave the rabbit looking odd and scary . FEMAIL round up some of the best pictures of creepy Easter bunnies .
Manchester United's Paddy McNair has been called up by Northern Ireland . The 19-year-old defender has broken into United's first-team this season . He is joined in the squad by Red Devils team-mate Jonny Evans . Northern Ireland will face Scotland and Finland later this month .
New speed cameras on M4 near Port Talbot are catching 80 motorists a day . In two months 4,500 motorists were caught, generating £450,000 in fines . The 'average speed' cameras stop drivers from deliberately slowing down . Measured over a set distance, drivers must continually check their speed .
Fred Smoot was arrested in November on domestic assault charge for allegedly attacking his ex-girlfriend Valerie Jackson . A Virginia judge acquitted Smoot, 35, in January of the misdemeanor count . In first interview since the arrest, former Washington Redskins player said he never struck Jackson . He claimed their relationship had ended, but Valerie was still living in his home and was jealous he was dating other women . Jackson had said Smoot broke down a door and attacked her to stop her from getting inside his truck allegedly littered with condoms .
'Senior ballet team' in south-west China proving skill is not just for young . The 50-strong group made up of professional women aged up to 60 . The team includes teachers, doctors and even a few police officers . Chicago Ballet has now invited the women to visit the U.S. in June .
Sean Collins, from LA, created the three-minute footage over eight days . The 31-year-old intended to capture Paris in a truly unique way . His film bridges the gap between Paris' natural and urban beauty .
Brazilian legend will be a guest at Anfield for crunch clash . The 74-year-old played in the city during 1966 World Cup . Manchester United and Liverpool in battle for Champions League spot . READ: Liverpool vs Man United XIs: Steven Gerrard fails to make Jamie Carragher's team as Gary Neville picks Angel di Maria .
The 62-year-old Bosnian replaces Javier Aguirre . Halilhodzic guided Algeria to 2014 World Cup knockout stages in Brazil . His job was at Turkish side Trabzonspor, leaving last November . The former PSG manager set to arrive in Japan on Friday, March 13 .
Johanna Basford has created a colouring-in book for adults which has sold more than a million copies . She was delighted when it was translated into 14 different languages - and proved a particular hit in Paris . Her hand drawn illustrations have also been used by big brands including Absolut Vodka, Sony, Nike and Smart Car . She says her book was inspired by the time she spent visiting her grandparents on the Isle of Arran in Ayrshire .
Lourdes, 18, is currently enrolled as a freshman at the University of Michigan, her mother's alma mater . Madonna, 56, was given a scholarship to the college in 1976 but decided to leave two years later in order to focus on music full time .
New mother Scarlett was showing off perfect pins recently . Actress, 30, stepped out on the red carpet in a short dress . Likes to work up a sweat doing athletic, full-body workouts .
Survey found more than half of gay teens bullied for sexuality at school . 99 per cent abused by classmate, but 39 per cent targeted by an adult . A third also left school with no education on HIV or having safe sex .
Selfies have appeared online with young girls posing with huge crocodiles . In a video, woman snaps photos and puts vodka bottle next to croc's head . Salt water crocodiles can grow to 5 metres in length and weigh 450 kgs . Last year a 62-year-old man was taken by a croc from his boat in Kakadu .
Law graduate Oghosa Ovienrioba, 22, began watching porn at age 14 . In her late teens, she developed a serious habit and watched films daily . At age 21, Oghosa found Christianity and decided to kick the habit .
Only 45% of patients and their caregivers say their doctor told them they have Alzheimer's . Yet more than 90% of common cancer patients were given their diagnosis . Advocates say truthful diagnosis is critical to quality of life and future planning .
The Manchester United and Everton defenders will be named in Gareth Southgate's 23-man party for Euro 2015 . Stones has been called up for Roy Hodgson's senior squad but has dropped down to the U21s . Shaw has not played for the U21s since the play-off victory over Croatia last October . Everton’s Ross Barkley is expected to have the summer off . England’s first Group B game is against Portugal in Uherske Hradiste on June 18 .
Atlanta Falcons played fake crowd noise during 2013 and 2014 season . Falcons fined $350,000 (£237,000) and been stripped of a 2016 draft pick . President Rich McKay has been suspended from Competition Committee .
Leader asked if Labour would be better off with brother David in charge . He insists he thought he would make a better leader... and still does . Admits standing against David was 'bruising' but wounds have healed . He was also questioned about rent prices, trust and being seen as weird . Revealed he would not call the police if he caught his sons with cannabis .
Super-producer Shonda Rhimes led the backlash on Twitter Tuesday night after Deadline posted an article calling ethnic actors 'hot commodities' The article claims though casting minorities is long overdue, there may now be too many and the 'trend' may not last . The article quickly drew criticism on Twitter from celebrities, journalists, and social media users .
Aliya Saleem born 9lbs then rapidly gained weight from four months old . She now weighs 2st 13lbs and is as heavy as an average six-year-old girl . Family have lacked money to obtain good enough medical care for her . Another of her parents' children died aged one after similar weight gain .
England cut loose in thrilling fashion against France on Saturday . Players know now that there is another level they can perform to . Coach Stuart Lancaster can move forward with real confidence .
Formation placed by side of Alftanes-Gardabaer route near similar rocks . Issue hit headlines in 2013 when campaigners urged project to be halted . Elf advocates feared building of direct route would disturb the elf habitat . Building of road in Iceland will now go ahead, but rock has been spared .
Somerset hope Chris Gayle can play six games for them in T20 blast . Explosive West Indies batsman could arrive later due to IPL games . Gayle said: 'I'm excited about joining Somerset for the NatWest t20 Blast'
Sex expert reveals how to stop if someone is using you as a 'stop gap' Explains two questions to ask about why marriage is important to you . Advises to ask partner why they are not interested in commitment . Read more of Tracey’s views at traceycox.com .
Portable media player used to watch DVDs or content stored on USB sticks . South Korean soaps, music, films and news programmes popular . Half of all urban North Korean households have an easily concealed . Chinese made brands on offer include 'Sansung'
Lionel Messi missed Argentina's win over El Salvador with a foot injury . Argentina boss Gerardo Martino insists he won't risk the Barcelona star . Messi welcomed Federico Mancuello to Instagram on Monday evening .
Arsenal won 2-0 against Monaco but went out 3-3 on aggregate . It eliminated them from the Champions League on the away goals rule . Arsenal have left the competition at the last-16 stage for five years running . READ: Wenger says Arsenal would be better off in Europa League! CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
State senator Ernie Chambers, 77, was discussing bill loosening gun laws . 'Nobody from ISIS ever terrorized us as a people as the police do,' he said . Numerous lawmakers have called for him to resign or apologize . Chambers, from North Omaha, has not backed down from statements .
Survey shows 25 per cent of Chinese men have hair-losing issues . Their combined bald patches covers 4,725 square kilometres . Young and middle-aged men form the majority of China's 'army of balds'
The off-the-grid property, made up entirely of glass and wood, sits high above the city of Bergen in Norway . Designed as part of a workshop at the Bergen School of Architecture, the cabin boasts a vortex-like tunnel entrance . Families with young children can stay overnight for free to enjoy the sweeping views of the valley below .
Astana cycling team have denied reports they have lost WorldTour licence . Last month the UCI requested that Astana's licence be revoked . Request came after a number of anti-doping infringements by Astana . Licence Commission is due to meet with Astana on Thursday for talks .
Emmanuel Jesus Rangel, 19, was charged in connection to triple homicide last month; he is also facing charges in unrelated murder case . Rangel, an undocumented immigrant from Mexico, was permitted to stay in US under Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals in 2012 . The teen was granted amnesty under Obama's program despite his criminal record . David Lopez, 19, charged with three counts of first-degree murder in deaths of Mirjana Puhar, Jonathan Alvarado and Jusmar Isiah Gonzaga-Garcia . Police believe the killings were drug-related, but Puhar's friends insisted she did not use narcotics . Puhar, 19, was a contestant on modeling show's 21st cycle .
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 . Undefeated Mayweather shares video of latest training session . American works on his hand speed during pad and bag workout .
Bud Light is most popular beer in US, while Budweiser is tops in Canada . England prefers Carling over anything else, while Ireland opts for Guinness . Australians go for Victoria Bitter while Lion Red is the top dog in New Zealand . The  most popular beer for each country was determined by its market share .
The Germany Under 21 side beaten by England U21s had 639 top-flight appearances between them: the squad’s combined number was 977 . Germany  looked a team of stars, passing smoothly in tight areas, winning cute free-kicks and making their experience tell . It gives credence to the point FA chairman Greg Dyke has made about young English players not getting sufficient opportunities . When you see the impressive way they tore into Germany, it makes you wonder why some can’t break through the glass ceiling .
Max Dawson taught a class called 'The Tribe Has Spoken: Surviving TV's New Reality' at Northwestern University in 2012 and 2013 . He was seen rattling off past season trivia and over-strategizing on show . Dawson said one of the hardest parts of the show was handling 'personal dynamics'
Max Meyer wore Cristiano Ronaldo's CR7 pants during win at Real Madrid . Schalke claimed a surprise victory against Real at the Santiago Bernabeu . Ronaldo was far from happy with his side's performance against Schalke .
Microsoft has yet to provide a precise date for the launch . Will power PCs,smartphones and also connected devices such as bank machines and medical equipment, along with the firms Xbox Once console .
Palestinian jihadis fired rockets indiscriminately at civilians, from civilian areas, which constitutes a war crime . An attack on a beach in Gaza that killed 13 Palestinian civilians, which was blamed on Israel, was actually the result of misfired Palestinian rockets . The militants displayed 'a flagrant disregard for international humanitarian law', said Philip Luther, Amnesty's director for the Middle East .
QPR slumped to a 3-1 loss at London rivals Crystal Palace on Saturday . Boss Chris Ramsey maintains that his side can still stay up this season . Lost four in a row and have just five points from last 12 league games .
16-year-old Kyle Longmore from Tasmania achieved the amazing feat . The broad-bill swordfish weighed more than three times heavier than Kyle . He caught it using only 24kg fishing line off Tasmania’s East Coast . Kyle was onboard his friend Leo Miler’s 7m boat ChoonaChasa . 'The worst moment was when it got closer to the boat,' says Kyle .
Prince William arrives in China on Sunday after visiting Japan . China has embraced British culture, especially TV shows like "Downton Abbey" Trip presents diplomatic test for Prince William .
List split into two parts and appears to be in two sets of handwriting . Top part details items such as underwear and phones to buy before travel . Bottom half lists costs of crossing Turkish border into Syria on arrival . Total cost of all items was £2,190, including £1,000 aeroplane tickets .
The first 2018 World Cup qualifiers were held on Thursday . Bhutan, the world's lowest ranked side, upset Sri Lanka 1-0 . East Timor were first to claim victory, beating Mongolia 4-1 .
Michelle Obama made an appearance on game show Jeopardy on Tuesday . First Lady was promoting her 'Let's Move' anti childhood obesity campaign . But some viewers took to Twitter to question whether 51-year-old was bald . Others pointed out that the First Lady just had her hair pulled back tightly .
Negatives, worth £50,000, show great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness . Trek ended with deaths of Scott and the party of Edward Wilson, Lawrence Oates, Edgar Evans and Henry Bowers . The photographs were taken by Bowers under the direction of the official photographer Herbert Ponting at the expedition base camp of Cape Evans on Ross Island .
Blake Little first got the idea for his 'Preservation' series when he photographed a 'bear-ish' man eating honey . He thought the photo cliche, but was captivated with the way honey looked dripping off the man's hands . He found models of all shapes and sizes, including a one-and-a-half year old child, an 85-year-old woman, and a dog . Little used 1,000lb of honey every week, which was then reused on the next model, while shooting the series . One model said she found the substance cold and 'weird feeling' but then said she felt 'protected in a way'
Going into the game, Brentford were sixth and Ipswich were seventh . Daryl Murphy opened the scoring early on for Ipswich at Portman Road . Jonathan Douglas cancelled out the opening goal to make it 1-1 . Neither side could grab a winner and the two sides had to settle for a point .
Gareth Bale scores twice as Wales beat Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualification . He'd been criticized by Real Madrid for putting country before club . More shocks as Bulgaria hold Italy .
Parma declared bankrupt after just 10 minute court hearing . Owner Giampietro Manenti not at hearing after he was arrested on Wednesday on charges of money laundering and embezzlement . Serie A side have not paid their players or staff in months .
Rev Gavin Ashenden said some 100 passages in Koran incite violence . Said Bible instead preaches forgiveness and delivering people from sin . Asked if Koran was 'evil' he said 'I will let people decide for themselves'
Michelle Kosilek, born Robert Kosilek, is currently imprisoned for murdering her wife Cheryl McCaul in 1990 . Doctors say Kosilek has a gender-identity disorder . In 2012, a federal judge ordered the Massachusetts Dept of Corrections to carry out sex-change surgery but that ruling was overturned on appeal . Lawyers for Kosilek are now hoping to take her case to the Supreme Court .
Lee Cairns of Wallsend, Tyne and Wear, took 'running leap' at Stan Roberts . Victim, 79, suffered facial cuts and bruising and needed medical treatment . Attack took place while Mr Roberts was visiting ex-wife Yejide Roberts, 38 . Cairns, 43, has been jailed for 22 weeks for assault and criminal damage .
Father Darren Galsworthy and step-mother Anjie, who have not been seen since Becky's death, attended memorial . Hundreds of ballons released at St George Park in Bristol, less than a mile from where she disappeared on February 19 . A massive police search was conducted but the missing teenager's body parts were found earlier this week . Step-brother Nathan Matthews is charged with murder and Shauna Hoare with attempting to pervert course of justice .
Former NRL player and Fox Sports commentator Mark Gasnier is selling his stunning Avalon property . Gasnier and his wife Claudine have lived there since 2010 and welcomed their children Kalani and Havana whilst enjoying the contemporary family home . The asking price for the three bedroom property on Sydney's northern beaches is $2,495,000 . The incredible home is the perfect retreat, promising a private getaway with sun-filled rooms, lush greenery, a picturesque lap pool and immaculate yet warm styling .
Charley Saturmin Robinet, 39, killed in struggle which was caught on film . Police say Robinet tried to grab a gun, but footage sparked angry protests . Police were trying to arrest him for not reporting to probation officials . He stole $33,500 in 2000 to fund acting classes at Beverly Hills Playhouse . He served 13 years' jail for armed robbery and had mental health issues . Originally thought to be French, authorities now say he stole his identity . He gained passport in 1990s under name and birth date of innocent man .
Mr Cameron began campaign with assault on Mr Miliband's background . Made withering reference to borough linked with 'Champagne socialists' Claimed Tories are ‘the real party of aspiration' and 'of working people' Mr Cameron said 'I know what this role needs – and I don’t think Ed has it'
Worries GM crops and less vetted food will be forced on dinner plates . Chef spoke to Business Secretary Vince Cable about 'massive concerns' US farmers often rear beef on vast factory farm feed lots rather than fields . Laws allow them to pump animals with growth hormones . Concerns come as UK and US negotiate a new free trade pact .
Group of Chelsea fans stopped Souleymane S, 33, getting onto the train . They were filmed chanting song: 'We're racist and that's the way we like it' Police want football ban order imposed on the five men allegedly involved . Supporters appeared in court today, saying they will fight proposed ban . Men are Richard Barklie, 50; Josh Parsons, 20; Dean Callis, 32; Jordan Munday, 20 and William Simpson, 26 . Orders can last five years and stop fans going to matches home and away .
Tony Robinson, 19, was unarmed when an officer killed him, police chief says . Officer has been involved in a fatal shooting on duty in 2007, chief says . Activists hit the streets and take to Twitter to vent anger over the shooting .
The stunt was worthy of the latest James Bond film, Spectre . The car was driven 240 metres above the Royal Dock in Canary Wharf . Jaguar's new saloon promises 'business class' levels of comfort . Its official global debut is at the New York motor show on April 1 .
Courtney Lawes returns for his 37th England cap against Scotland . The dynamic second row proved fitness in two Northampton matches . Lawes reunites with Dave Attwood, meaning George Kruis will miss out . Mike Brown is also back for Stuart Lancaster after suffering concussion . Geoff Parling comes on to the bench along with flanker Tom Wood .
James Corden has received rave reviews for his first show on US TV . He started with a heart-felt plea to Americans to give him a chance . Comedian panned to his mother and father who were in audience . He then performed in sketch joking that he won job with golden ticket . Arnold Schwarznegger and Jay Leno were then shown getting him in shape . Corden and Tom Hanks then performed whistle-stop tour of his films . In an unusual move, Corden sat at a piano and sung at  end of the show .
Armed robbers entered Yorkshire village post office yesterday . Two men dressed as women and one was pushing another in wheelchair . Robbers fired shots and forced post office staff to hand over cash . Passers-by intervened and robbers dropped their haul as they fled . They then made off in a Nissan which was later found on fire nearby .
Police in town north of Yangon, Myanmar, crack down on students marching in protest of an education bill . "The public and we are losing confidence in the democratic transitions," says trade unions spokesman .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . The captives who are believed to be spies shot dead by masked fighters . They are escorted onto a bridge in unknown location before being killed . Forced to give interviews and admit to spying - presumably under duress . 'Sentenced to death for betraying the religion of Allah,' one militant says . Another video showing ISIS  shooting captives emerged earlier this week . The footage from Thursday showed eight informers killed in similar way .
Charla Nash was disfigured in a 2009 attack by a rampaging chimpanzee . She was mauled by her employer's 200-pound pet in Stamford, Connecticut . The U.S. military paid for a full face transplant for the 61-year-old in 2011 . It is funding follow-up treatment costing hundreds of thousands of dollars . They hope lessons learned can aid disfigured soldiers returning from war . Nash will be weaned off anti-rejection drugs taken since the transplant . The treatment is to take place at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital .
Arsenal defeated West Ham 3-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday . Aaron Ramsey hopes Gunners can take inspiration for Monaco decider . Gunners trail French side 3-1 after first leg in Champions League last 16 .
The President lost his footing at Andrew Air Force Base in Washington . Almost had fall after he spent weekend at the Floridian National Golf Club . In 2013 he stayed at the same resort and hit links with Tiger Woods . President played with billionaire club owner and Halliburton board member . Obama played Saturday with sports stars Alonzo Mourning, Ahmad Rashad . He was rumored to also be play Butch Harmon, Woods' former coach .
Jonathan Pearce was at the Emirates to commentate for Match of the Day . The 55-year-old was preparing a piece to camera when a sprinkler came on . Pearce was soaked and ran out of shot, saying 'you could have told us' He took it in good spirits, later laughing off the incident on air .
Kazam launched the Tornado 552L at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona . It has a 5.2-inch screen, 13MP rear and 8MP front-facing cameras . Extreme power save mode is enabled when battery reaches 10% . Firm claims it will then last for 33 hours on standby . This time is a maximum and will be lower if the phone is used extensively, plus time depends on usage . Other features include customisable hand and finger gestures .
Opportunity and its twin Spirit landed on Mars in January 2004, and mission was supposed to last for three-months . Last year, Opportunity broke record for off-Earth distance traveled beating Soviet Union's Lunokhod 2 moon rover .
Tony Morrison raised £100,000 for charity by running with fridge on back . He became known as 'The Fridge' for running marathons with 42kg fridge . Morrison has been accused of assaulting a family-of-four in June last year . He is accused of using violence to get in their home when someone was in . The 50-year-old has denied all the charges and the case was adjourned . Court heard Morrison has lost his business through charity endeavours .
Dr Prashen Pillay prescribed Joan Dixon, 77, with a lethal dose of a drugs . Patient died after receiving ten times the recommended level of Digoxin . Pillay vowed to make it his 'life's work' never to repeat the tragic mistake . But he went on to commit a litany of petty crimes over the next two years . Includes doing runners from restaurants and petrol stations without paying . Kicking a police cell door and urinating on floor of Morrisons supermarket .
Police identified the teenager as Kierra'onna Rice . She had planned to go along with friends and fight another group of girls in a park . The combatants agreed to film the video and put it  on social media . Police arrested the shooters, who had opened fire shortly after the girls arrived at the park . Investigators believe one of the shooters, who were 17 and 19, was dating one of the girls Rice was meant to fight .
Glen Johnson is heading ever closer to the Anfield Stadium exit doors . The 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and new talks stalled . Defender's representatives have already held talks with foreign clubs . In January manager Brendan Rodgers said he hoped to keep the player . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
The White House went on lockdown early Saturday morning an alert from a bomb-sniffing dog . Then, there was heard and smoke was seen by the South Lawn . This all happened just before President Obama and his family were preparing to takeoff on Marine One to go to Selma, Alabama . The smoke and noise are suspected to have been caused by a food truck fire . The lockdown happened around 10am, and the situation is now contained and not considered to be a serious threat . The two incidents were not related .
Jake Bilardi purportedly asked users on Yahoo! Answers more than 60 questions . 'Jake's' questions related to paranoid fits about being 'really scared' of 'hidden cameras' to how to be a good practising Muslim in Melbourne . His final four questions, posted last year, asked about Australian immigration processes, including obtaining a passport . Bilardi reportedly blew himself up in a suicide bombing in Ramadi, Iraq, this week .
Manchester United host Champions League rivals Tottenham on Sunday . Spurs have won their previous two visits to Old Trafford . The north London outfit are unbeaten in their last fives games with United . Red Devils enjoyed a fine record against Tottenham until September 2012 . United face four of the Premier League's top six in their next five games .
Floyd Mayweather: 'I've never wanted to win a fight so much in my life' Manny Pacquiao:  'We will do our best on May 2 to make the fans happy' Freddie Roach: 'This is our toughest fight ever. But we'll kick Floyd's ass' Mayweather and Pacquiao will meet in $300m mega-fight on May 2 . READ: Jeff Powell's verdict as Mayweather and Pacquiao clashed in L.A.
The family of Bobbi Kristina has denied a report by TMZ that claimed her father Bobby Brown's relatives are filming a reality shiw . It was claimed the show was 'not shot inside hospital but includes debriefs at home afterwards' Bobbi Kristina, 21, remains on life support at hospital in Atlanta, Georgia . She was taken off some medications last week but began having seizures .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Brooklyn Smith, 16, was at Venice Beach Skate Park in Los Angeles . Two men came over and said: 'That's her, that's her' before she was hit . Teenager was thrown to the ground and repeatedly punched and kicked . She was left with a four-inch gash and required staples to close it .
Americans like to complain about the political gridlock in Congress where nothing much gets done . Christopher Karpowitz and Chad Raphael: Public forums can be used to successfully tackle big issues .
Cleveland: Tamir Rice died because he failed "to exercise due care to avoid injury" A police officer killed Tamir, 12, last year as the boy played with a pellet gun . Officers mistook fake gun for a real one, Cleveland Police Department has said .
Emma Meaux from Abbeville, Louisiana, tried to claim the red stain all over her lips was ChapStick . But she eventually crumbles and admits her wrong doings .
The tire company showed off two new concept tires at Geneva Motor Show . One uses heat-capture to transform friction into extra energy to charge an electric vehicle . The other transforms to respond to changing road conditions . The company has not said how much either is expected to cost or when they might be expected to hit the market .
Sergei Rebrov  is keen to keep Arsenal target Aleksandar Dragovic . The Gunners have been linked with a move for the Dynamo Kiev defender . Rebrov joined Tottenham for £11million in 2000 but flopped in England . Dynamo Kiev take on Everton in the Europa League at Goodison Park .
The chopper was registered to an air ambulance company . It was en route from Tulsa to McAlester .
Giedo van der Garde was Sauber's test driver last season . He claims he was promised a full-time race seat for the 2015 season . But Sauber hired Marcus Ericsson and Felipe Nasr instead . Supreme Court in Australia announce he has won his legal challenge . Melbourne is first race of the Formula One season starting on March 15 .
Mohammed Emwazi  expelled from Tanzania with German Marcel Schrodl . Schrodl has been linked to Denis Cuspert who makes beheading videos . Cuspert  has been likened to Nazi propaganda chief Josef Goebbels . Schrodl is described by German intelligence as a violent jihadist .
Benjamin Shine and Danielle Stone exchanged their vows on Valentine's Day . They married at the Southern Highlands of NSW where Mr Shine presented his gift to his new wife . The Canberra-based sculptor created a portrait of the couple with 4km of white mesh . He was inspired by the wedding ribbon concept as the artwork led wedding guests to the seating area .
Controversial research has linked autism with MMR jab and environment . But researchers say lifestyle and external factors are second to genetics . Study carried out on twins - it was far more common in identical pairs .
Mackenzie Reese, 19, Alyssa Semones, 21, Amber Kovalick, 19, Meghan Milani, 19, and Brittany Marquess, 20 have been suspended indefinitely . They exchanged messages using the GroupMe app that included threats to maim and 'kill' their freshmen teammates and 'take down the coaches' The players were suspended nearly an hour before last Wednesday's game but were allowed to sit and watch in the bleachers . Parents report that the girls applauded when their freshman teammates were knocked to the ground .
Eh Lar Doh Htoo allegedly stabbed to death the three brothers and injured their mother and sister around 11pm Tuesday while their father was at work . Htoo knew the New Bern, North Carolina family, police say, who were Burmese. A language barrier initially hampered the investigation . No potential motive was named Wednesday as police sorted out the horrific details. Htoo was being held on $1 million bond . Neighbors say the mother leaped from a bedroom window, her back covered in blood, to get away from the killer .
Ambra Battilana has told friends that she is not concerned by movie producer Harvey Weinstein's fearsome reputation . The 22-year-old went to the NYPD on Friday to allege that Weinstein, 63, had groped her breasts during a 'business meeting' The model's lawyer said his client was 'creeped out' by her alleged encounter with the father-of-five . No charges have been filed and Weinstein has promised full cooperation with the police probe . His camp have dismissed her as an opportunist with a sketchy past citing her involvement in Silvio Berlusconi's 'bunga-bunga' orgies in 2010 . Reports have emerged from Italy that Battilana had previously alleged to police that her 70-year-old boyfriend had raped her .
Kell Brook defends his IBF world welterweight title against Jo Jo Dan . The bout takes place at Sheffield's Motorpoint Arena on Saturday night . The fight is Brooks' first since being stabbed in the leg last September .
East Sheen and Chiswick in London both newcomers to the list this year . Join Guildford and Cobham, in Surrey, which are only areas out of London .
Young woman found with multiple fatal stab wounds to upper chest . Police called to a Doncaster park, east of Melbourne, on Tuesday night . The girl was found in cardiac arrest but paramedics unable to save her . She was a student at nearby Canterbury Girls Secondary College . Her distressed relatives were at the park after hearing news of her death . Police say 20-year-old man was seen in the area soon after the attack . They have released CCTV footage of the man running from the park .
Calista Flockhart, 50, is strongly urging her husband that now is the time to call it quits as a pilot after his plane crash last Thursday . Ford suffered multiple injuries, including a fractured pelvis and broken ankle, when he crash landed his 1940s aircraft onto a Californian golf course . His distraught wife is now urging him to take the hint and stay grounded permanently after his lucky escape . The Ally McBeal star was pictured on Sunday on her way to UCLA hospital and looked relieved as it emerged that Ford could be out next week . Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher has also urged him to 'take a break' following his plane crash .
Singer Natalia Kills, 28, was fired from New Zealand X Factor after tirade . Told contestant Joe Irvine he had stolen her husband's look . But fans have pointed out her style shares similarities with other artists . Bradford-born Natalia's hair, make-up and picture poses echo other stars . Artist has told about rough childhood and leaving home at 14 .
Emma Purnell, 30, from Upton-upon-Severn will live in a rabbit hutch . The veterinary nurse will spend 48 in the cage this weekend . She wants to raise money for rabbit rescue centres through sponsorship .
Raphael Varane gave France the lead with a header in the first half . Chelsea midfielder Oscar replied for the visitors before the break . Neymar and Luis Gustavo scored to seal victory for Dunga's side . France 1-3 Brazil - CLICK HERE to read the match report in full .
Roger Federer beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-0 at Indian Wells Masters . Milos Raonic beat Rafael Nadal 4-6, 7-6 (10), 7-5 to set up semi-final . Andy Murray plays Novak Djokovic in the other men's semi-final .
The listing sought €199 for the bar of soap reportedly made from 'fat' It was claimed victims of the Westerbork concentration camp in Holland . The Nazis are believed to have experimented with the soap during the war . SS leader Heinrich Himmler is reported to have stopped the experiments .
Bethnal Green Academy will be investigated by counter-extremism officers . Four girls from east London school fled to Syria to become 'jihadi brides' Four of their friends and pupils have had their passports confiscated . Parents have called for thorough investigation into Islamic fundamentalism .
England have their strongest and most talented squad in many years . Roy Hodgson's team should be among the favourites for Euro 2016 . The one weak link is alongside Gary Cahill in central defence . Going forward, England have their best attacking options since Euro 96 . But Hodgson must dispel the memories of previous tournament failures . READ: Italy vs England is the real test for Roy Hodgson's new wave .
Justin Jarrard Oliver allegedly beat the woman in West Palm Beach, Florida . 26-year-old was given a ride to the restaurant with victim and her boyfriend . Trio then placed an order in the drive-thru and Oliver paid for the meal . He then 'demanded sex from the victim' after buying the food . She refused so he tried drag her into the back seat to engage in intercourse . He then hit the victim after pulling her from the vehicle when it stopped .
The NYPD are searching for three men seen wearing Jets jerseys . An argument occurred in O'Brien's pub that spilled into the street . Two teenagers were left with fractures to their faces after being punched, kicked and hit with bottles . No one has been arrested in connection to the incident .
New exhibition shows photographs from 1965 marches taken by three separate photographers . A staff photographer for Life magazine, a university staffer, and a local news photographer in Alabama contributed . Spider Martin, who worked for the Birmingham News, said his editors did not want to publish most violent images .
Darius McCrary played Eddie Winslow on 'Family Matters' He was jailed for failure to pay child support .
The 'Aurora' penthouse in Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast has sold for $7 million in an auction on March 7 . Hong Kong property tycoon, Tony Fung outbid six others to secure the stripped back Australian penthouse . Soul Penthouse set a record as the country's most expensive penthouse when sold for $16.85m in 2006 . But planned sale to one of Australia's richest collapsed last year, and receivers were brought in after a legal dispute . Apartment on floors 70-74 of a Gold Coast high-rise has been stripped of all fittings - walls, ceilings, even the kitchen sink . Agents say the bare-bones shell is a 'unique opportunity' for anyone wanting to put their own touch on a penthouse .
Mumsnet discussion today centred on disgusting items in teen bedrooms . It started after one mother said she had found a Pringles tube of urine . She became suspicious after lifting up the tin and finding it heavy .
Aston Villa beat West Brom 2-1 in Midlands derby on Tuesday night . Gabby Agbonlahor scored his first league goal in 14 top flight matches . The striker put in a rejuvenated performance for Tim Sherwood's side . Aston Villa will need similar from the striker if they are to beat the drop . CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news .
Fighter jet F-35B's internal weapons bay is too small for a Small Diameter Bomb II (SDB II) load . Though it's mandated that an F-35B hold eight SDB IIs in the bay, only four can reportedly fit . A F-35 program spokesman has said changes are being made  so the fighter jet can be released on schedule . The SDB II can employ a number of techniques - including imaging infrared, laser, and radar homing - to hit targets . The F-35 program will cost an estimated $590billion over the next decade . F-35B is slated to be used by the British Royal Navy on the HMS Queen Elizabeth aircraft carrier .
Arlie Smith, 45, has worked in Danville, California, location for 21 years . He was diagnosed with MS two years ago, and with cancer in September . Customers spent months planning surprise Laguna Beach vacation . Mr Smith says he only wants to raise money for nearby children's hospital .
Bournemouth overtook Middlesbrough with a 2-0 win at Dean Court . The three points moved the Cherries top of the Championship . Yann Kermorgant opened scoring from the penalty spot after 12 minutes . Harry Arter's left-foot drive sealed the points three minutes after half-time . Brett Pitman then added a third with another penalty in the 74th minute .
Tony Mowbray will take over as manager of League One Coventry City . He will replace Steven Pressley who was sacked last month . Mowbray has been out of work since 2013 when he left Middlesbrough . He also had spells in charge of Hibs, West Brom and Celtic .
Gregory McQueen admitted recruiting female soldiers to work in a sex ring . Sergeant told court martial he got three females to join prostitution group . He breached his Fort Hood role as advocate for victims of sexual abuse . McQueen admitted 15 charges including conspiracy to solicit prostitution . The maximum penalty for McQueen's crimes is 40 years in prison .
Josh Marsden runs business that does 'trauma and crime scene cleaning' He cleans everything from hoarder houses to scenes of unattended deaths . Mr Marsden shares disgusting conditions he works under almost every day . In photos, houses are littered with piles of rubbish as well as food scraps . He rates how dirty a house is from one to 10, with one being the cleanest . A rating of 10 means there is so much filth you cannot see the floor . It also means there are animal faeces and bug infestations everywhere . Mr Marsden said it would take three people two weeks to clean a 10 home .
CNN aviation analyst says this is not a typical emergency incident, but all possibilities are part of probe . The cause behind the crash of the Germanwings plane is unknown . There are early clues, however, that will be key to investigators .
Tony Little said single-sex schools allow pupils to keep their ‘innocence’ He said it was sad that children were being taught sex education so early . Eton headmaster said children were not able to ‘be themselves’
A snake was spotted in a golf hole last week at the Deerwood Club in Kingwood, Texas . Groundskeeper posted: 'Yep not changing this cup today!!' Recently, a giant alligator was spotted on a Florida golf course .
Paul Ceglia, 41, sued Facebook's billionaire CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, in 2010 . Claimed he was promised a 50% share in firm in return for start-up money . But in 2012, he was charged with fraud for 'faking' contract to support suit . Ceglia was due to go on trial on May 4 and given ankle monitoring bracelet . Now, he is missing from his New York home after removing tracking device . His wife, children and dog have also reportedly disappeared . Police have launched an appeal to find the family .
Simone Reeves spent £4,800 on a new tummy for her birthday . She was unhappy with caesarean scar after three births . Surgeons removed 2lb of excess skin during the procedure .
Julie Bishop made offer in letter to Indonesian counterpart Retno Marsudi . She said Australia would pay bill if Indonesia rejected a prisoner swap offer . Foreign Minister formally offered to swap three convicted Indonesian drug smugglers for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . Ms Marsudi rejected the possibility of a prisoner exchange but did not touch on the reimbursement offer . Bali Nine duo are  on Nusakambangan island off Java awaiting execution .
In one memorable - and controversial - address Cosby suggested that people who steal are asking to get shot by the police . McDonald's beating, shooting of Ferguson police officers and protesting of NYPD Commissioner is also Obama's fault, Giuliani suggested . Fresh off a trip abroad, Giuliani contended that America is considered a 'racist' by international news networks .
Charles showed off his bowling skills during a visit to a veterans' home . Managed to knock down four pins but wasn't pleased with result . The Armed Forces Retirement Home has its own bowling alley . It is the US equivalent of the Royal Chelsea Hospital in London . The royals are on the third of a four day tour of the US .
The United States has evacuated its remaining 100 Special Operations forces members from Yemen . Security conditions in the country continue to deteriorate, with 137 killed on Friday and hundreds injured in five suicide bombings . On Saturday, Houthi rebels, whon have seized the government, issued a call to arms to battle those forces that remain loyal to President Hadi . On Thursday and Friday hundreds of al Qaeda rebels escaped from Yemeni prisons . What's more, ISIS is now claiming responsibility for Friday's suicide bombings . President Hadi gave a speech on Saturday from Aden, the temporary capital, urging all groups to attend a peace talk in the Saudi city of Riyadh .
Dave Mackay's funeral was held in Edinburgh on Tuesday . Former Tottenham and Hearts midfielder died earlier this month aged 80 . Ferguson said Mackay was 'humble' and 'modest' Ex-Manchester United boss also questioned why Mackay only managed to earn 22 caps for Scotland .
Number 10 said PM would do one seven-way debate at the end of March . But Cameron will not take part in any debates during the election campaign . Broadcasters said they planned to go ahead with three debates in April .
Stefan Arzberger, 42, was arrested Friday morning at the Hudson Hotel . The lead violinist of the Leipzig String Quartet reportedly wandered the hotel naked and eventually attacked a random woman . The music group released a statement, claiming Arzberger was drugged the night before at the hotel bar and doesn't remember the incident . He's charged with strangulation and burglary, but is out on $100,000 bail .
Juan Rivera, 42, was awarded money in highest individual settlement given in a wrongful conviction case in U.S. history, his attorneys said on Friday . Rivera was tried three times,  first time at 19, and was cleared in 2012 when conviction was reversed for rape and murder of Holly Staker of Waukegan . He plans to go to college and study business management and accounting, and help pay for his mother's medical bills .
Harry Kane is the surprise star of the season with 30 goals and counting . Tottenham striker spent several spells on loan with little success . Sean Dyche reveals he tried to sign Kane for Burnley . Rodney Marsh: Kane 'is worth £100million' and will surpass Alan Shearer . CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .
Manchester United are clear at the top of social media and money tables . They have almost 25 million more followers than the next club Chelsea . Manchester City, the Premier League champions, lag behind in fifth . United can also boast the highest income, ahead of City and Chelsea . Sportsmail's HOW BIG IS YOUR CLUB? Study finally settles great debate .
Pauline Bubb, 47, from Southampton was attacked daily by her children . The mother used to lock herself in her bedroom to escape the violence . She now admits it was because they had no boundaries or rules at home .
Queensland Police announced a name search for their new puppy recruits . The seven-week-old puppies are part of the QLD Police breeding program . Votes for the seven pups must be for names starting with 'W' Police Minister Jo-Ann Miller said it would highlight their important work . Voting is open until March 25 and a shortlist will be made public on April 2 .
Jason Larke is a FIFO worker from Perth and works in Queensland . He has become the first man to witness a virtual reality birth . Using Samsung's Gear VR, he was able to watch his son being born . The father is an electrical contractor in Chinchilla Queensland .
Jeremy Clarkson watched Chelsea take on PSG on Wednesday night . Top Gear presenter has been suspended by the BBC following a 'fracas' The 54-year-old allegedly punched a producer in a fight over food .
Sadio Mane pounced in the 83rd minute to score Southampton's first home goal in four games . The Senegalese  fired past Julian Speroni after the Palace eeper failed to deal with James Ward-Prowse's shot . Graziano Pelle started up front for Southampton despite despite the Italian scoring just once in 13 games . The Saints dominated possession but struggled to make an impact in the final third of the pitch . Palace were without captain Mile Jedinak who was serving a four-match suspension for elbowing Diafra Sakho .
US ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert discharged from hospital . 42-year-old said he was 'pretty darned good,' as he thanked medics . Slashed across the face and wrist by knife-wielding activist during forum . Needed 80 stitches and may have suffered nerve damage as a result . Police seeking to charge Kim Ki-jong, 55, with attempted murder over attack .
England have won just six of their last eight against top opposition . They have two proper games and three friendlies before the World Cup . One of them is Saturday's Calcutta Cup clash with Scotland at Twickenham . They must treat this and the France Six Nations games  like the World Cup . Danny Cipriani, Steffon Armitage and Henry Slade must play for England . Make James Haskell captain against Scotland and rest Chris Robshaw . Introduce speed to the back row absent in Robshaw, Haskell and Vunipola . Improve  kicking by luring back Jonny Wilkinson's mentor Dave Alred .
England welcome Australia for the Ashes on home turf this summer . Cricket World Cup winners include pace bowlers Mitchell Johnson and Mitchell Starc in their squad . England are looking to reclaim the urn after last year's 5-0 whitewash .
Rangers drew 1-1 with Queen of the South on Tuesday night . Ibrox club are two points behind Hibernian with a game in hand . Queen of the South are six points adrift of Rangers in fourth . Caretaker Kenny McDowall says his side must be wary of teams below .
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, entered the Fall River court in Massachusetts on Friday morning accompanied by her lawyer . Jenkins cannot be charged in connection with Odin Lloyd's murder but can still face perjury charges if she is caught out lying on the stand. Her sister Shaneah Jenkins watched her sister testify while sitting with victim Odin Lloyd's mother and family . Shayanna said on the stand that she and her sister are 'estranged'
Manchester United are checking on the availability of Porto defender Danilo . Danilo has agreed to join Real Madrid ahead of next season . But Manchester United want to make an offer if Real deal is not finalised . New Man Utd right back is high on Van Gaal's wish list for next season . CLICK HERE for all the latest Man United news .
The teacher has now been suspended, Egypt's education ministry said . Pupil died on Sunday 'after being beaten by a teacher the previous day' The child had head injuries and suffered a brain haemorrhage .
Elena Nikitina had the start from hell in her first World Championship run . Russian skeleton slider completely missed her sled at the top of the course . Great Britain's Lizzie Yarnold leads the way after the first day of competing .
Indian broadcaster Puthiya Thalaimurai drew protests for a show about traditional necklaces worn by married women . This comes after India banned a film featuring a man imprisoned for a gang rape in South Delhi . "There's a growing intolerance towards different shades of opinion," a broadcasting company CEO says .
Tara Costigan was found on the floor in a Calwell home next to an axe . Fundraising page to support the three children she left behind - including a one-week-old girl - has raised over $72,000 in 48 hours . Over 1,400 people donated and hundreds more offered clothing and toys . Her former partner Marcus Rappel, 40, has been charged with her murder . Ms Costigan had been granted an interim domestic violence order against him the day before he allegedly killed her .
Xavi was handed his Barcelona debut by Louis van Gaal in 1998 . Andres Iniesta has lauded Van Gaal for helping him during his early years . Clarence Seedorf enjoyed playing under Van Gaal at Ajax . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Three people have been found dead in Biddeston - west of Brisbane . A man, woman and her young boy are the victims of shooting . The deaths of the boy and mother are suspicious . But the death of the man is non suspicious, police say . Police confirmed the incident happened on Sunday night . Officers had to break into the house with force to gain access . It is understood they are not looking for anyone else in relation to incident . Witnesses say the people inside the house were related to each other .
Gabby Agbonlahor scored in Aston Villa's 2-1 win against West Brom . Tim Sherwood says Agbonlahor is key to Aston Villa's relegation battle . Villa face West Brom again on Saturday in their FA Cup quarter-final .
Retired British army chief General Richard Dannatt says there is 'no-one else' for US to turn to in Europe . Comes amid fears 30,000 British personnel could go by end of the decade . US army chief of staff General Ray Odierno ‘very concerned’ about cuts in the British military .
Karl Henry hopes Queens Park Rangers can survive relegation this season . Henry tasted relegation with former club Wolverhampton Wanderers . Wolves changed managers in similar fashion during that season in 2012 . Terry Connor unsuccessfully took over from experienced Mick McCarthy .
Sylwester Wardega's video of dog dressed as a spider got 133million views . But a prank where he was dressed as an old man resulted in a month in jail . Indecent exposure charge after appearing to run around with no pants on . But 27-year-old says he was wearing flesh-coloured shorts at the time .
Chocolate creation being raffled for charity Dame Vera Lynn Trust . Customers have to purchase tickets for a prize draw to win the egg . Winner announced on Saturday and  the egg will be delivered on Sunday .
Amish Kansagra, 28, met Anna Imporowicz when he became a customer of hers at topless massage parlour . He quit his bank job to set up a business with her but was violently jealous . After a man smiled at her in a salsa club he slashed her throat with a knife . Kansagra  convicted of attempted murder at Kingston Crown Court .
Jodie Kelly has the condition cataplexy -  a sudden loss of muscle control . It causes her to collapse when she experiences strong emotions, including anger and laughter - meaning she avoids sad films and comedy shows . Has learnt to control her falls so she doesn't hurt hurself when collapsing . Also has narcolepsy which means she needs to sleep for hours at a time .
Port Authority chief: Runway was just plowed, other pilots reported "good braking action" The NTSB is sending people to New York's LaGuardia Airport to investigate .
Seven girls at Bethnal Green Academy considered open to radicalisation . This included trio who fled to Syria last month after flying to Turkey . Whole group sent letters asking parents if police could take statements . These never reached those of the three teenagers now with ISIS . Family question whether letters left girls feeling 'victimised' by detectives .
Impressive imperial residence, which has operated as a museum since 1950s, to offer overnight stays for tourists . The stunning 1,441-room home is already one of Austria's most-visited tourist attractions . Guests can now rent out a former Emperor's suite, featuring two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a salon and kitchen .
The ex-officer got into an argument with two young men aboard a southbound train on Tuesday afternoon after he stepped between them . The three men got off at Borough Hall and the officer and the argument turned physical between the officer and one of the men . Witness video showed the two men briefly scuffling before a shot went off . One of the men, Gilbert Drogheo, was shot in the torso and rushed to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead . Police said the ex-officer had been carrying a 9-millimeter handgun . Both he and Drogheo's friend, 29, were being questioned on Wednesday .
Naughty schoolboy decided to climb Cardiff museum's 40ft stone column . But his stunt backfired when he became frozen in fear at its peak . Fire crews were called in to help rescue the boy as he broke down in tears . Witness said he managed to 'wedge' himself in between column and wall .
Poses naked in four fake movie posters for Marfa Journal . Actress poses naked with large marine crustacean between her legs . Writes 'I put the HOT in PSYCHOTIC' on her bare chest . Photographed exposing chain underwear beneath nun's costume . WARNING: EXPLICIT PHOTO CONTENT .
Former West Indies Test star Fidel Edwards will join Hampshire in July . Edwards has taken 241 international wickets and played 55 Tests . He will arrive at the Ageas Bowl in time for Royal London One Day Cup .
Rangers could only manage a fourth consecutive draw on Saturday . Haris Vuckic put Rangers ahead in the Scottish Championship clash . But Ibra Sekajja equalised for the visitors on the stroke of half-time at Ibrox .
Philip Dickens admitted his company, Baumhaus, produced unsafe item . Nutkin cot was blamed for children coming close to serious harm or death . Bed was recalled in 2013 after parts were identified as potential trap-hazard . As director of the furniture firm, Dickens could face jail or fine of £20,000 .
Yasir Abdulla from West Yorkshire travelled to Iraq to fight against ISIS . Decided to go after they came within miles of his home village in Kurdistan . Joined hundreds of other Kurdish forces trying to stop spread of ISIS . Told how one woman went to Mosul to secure release of her kidnapped son . He says the ISIS fighters first offered her tea and a meal of meat and rice . But when she demanded to see her son, the extremists began to laugh . They told her they had murdered her son, chopped him up and fed him to her .
Archaeologists to looking for the monarch who reigned from 1141 - 1154 . They hope to follow in the footsteps of recent Richard III excavators . Kent archaeologist Dr Brian Philp claims bones lie beneath a playing field . Hopes to being exploration at Queen Elizabeth Grammar School this week .
Gary Lineker aims cheeky tweet at Bradford City during FA Cup clash . Bantams fell two goals behind in first 10 minutes at the Madejski Stadium . Reading earned FA Cup semi-final place with 3-0 home win . BBC had yet to show a Bradford FA Cup game live until Monday night . Phil Parkinson's side have defeated Chelsea and Sunderland this season .
Premier League fans to have the chance to give their views on the way football rights are sold to TV companies like Sky Sports and BT . Virgin Media launched a complaint over the way they are dealt with . Sky and BT  paid a combined £5.14billion to screen top-flight games . Click here for all the latest Premier League news .
Peregrine Church is the brainchild behind the water-activated art form . He came up with Rainworks after discovering a miracle water repellent . The artist sprays motivational murals on roads that appear in the rain . Peregrine's work features in and around the seaport city of Seattle .
Prisoners at Eastern State Penitentiary were kept in solitary confinement which some say induced mental illness . The guards are believed to have tortured the inmates and covered their heads with hoods when outside the cells . Shut down in 1971 and reopened in 1996 as a museum and Halloween attraction but ghostly sightings continue . Visitors have reported anguished cries coming from the cells and a shadowy figure who watches over the prison .
Naseer Chawki, from Iran, was convicted in 2008 of assaulting two women . After his release, he was put in detention while officials tried to deport him . But 34-year-old was released in March last year after deportation failed . He has now won High Court battle because he was held for seven months too long .
The non-toxic lubricant is called Liquiglide and it was developed at MIT . It creates a so-called 'liquid-impregnated surface' so ketchup slides over it . These multi-layer surfaces can also be customised for other applications . For example, they can be added to bottles of glue, detergent and more . LiquiGlide has signed a deal with Elmers Brand Glue and Adhesives . Mayonnaise brand, and a toothpaste firm are also said to have signed up . The lubricant can be used on both plastic and glass containers .
Marouane Fellaini joined Everton from Standard Liege in 2008 for £15m . A performance against Steven Gerrard convinced the Toffees to buy him . Fellaini followed David Moyes to Manchester United in 2013 . The Belgian has become a key player for United this season .
A Republican senator is drafting legislation to allow Congress to vote on negotiations with Iran . The White House sent a letter saying it would further threaten talks over Tehran's nuclear program .
Builder Mark Katnich dropped a GoPro in a crab trap over the weekend . He captured the remarkable scenes of the crab evading entrapment . The video has received over 430,000 Views and over 2,000 Facebook likes .
Kristen Williams, 44, from Ohio, adopted Durga, three, from India . No one wanted the baby as her nose was eaten away by insects as a baby . Orphanage staff kept her alive feeding her cotton balls soaked in milk . Single teacher Kristen also adopted  Munni, eight, from India in 2012 .
Katie Ringer set up fundraising page to ask for donations for child's funeral . The 19-year-old also claimed she needed money to feed other children . She also sent 'vile' photos to victims over internet in spree of online abuse . Teenager, who carried out fraud from parents' home, was jailed today .
Dean Smith made a proposal video for his girlfriend Jennifer Kessel . Featured a video he made a year ago telling Jennifer he realized he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her . Then shows each of the 365 days he held up a whiteboard  asking her to marry him . Features him in the shower, brushing his teeth and doing laundry . After the video finished he instructed Jennifer to turn around . He was waiting behind her, holding the whiteboard one last time . Dean, from Scottsdale, Arizona, popped the question during a family trip in Aruba .
Silhan Ozcelik, of  London, was arrested at Stansted Airport in January 16 . Accused of attempting to join guerrilla army in Kurdistan Workers' Party . The PKK is proscribed by UK and US authorities as a terrorist group . She was remanded in custody to appear at the Old Bailey on April 1 .
Costica Maroleanu went to County Hospital in  Buzau for kidney surgery . 55-year-old's operation was a success and he looked forward to recovery . But a nurse fitted his catheter incorrectly causing a severe penis infection . Doctors had no option but to remove Mr Maroleanu's penis to save his life . Now the ex-soldier is demanding £362,450 compensation over the incident .
Traffic cop had stopped driver who was making illegal turn . He drove off at speed with the officer trapped in the car window . Father-to-be suffered fatal injuries after being dragged for 10 metres . Driver drove off but later turned himself into police in Shanghai . Authorities pledge crackdown after spate of similar incidents .
Oscar-winning composer John Williams steps aside from 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" Williams will also be absent on Steven Spielberg's next movie, for the first time in three decades . Williams' music will still be heard on "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" in December .
Amazing images show 100,000 vehicles piled up at one scrap yard in Hangzhou . Some 5.5 million cars will be scrapped this year, contributing £10.8billion to the recycling industry . There are now 154 million cars on China's congested roads, while 17 million were sold last year alone .
Liberal Democrat Senator David Leyonhjelm got the note on Wednesday . It came as he prepared to debate his Freedom To Marry Bill in the senate . The letter calls him a 'filthy animal' and threatens a curse on his family . Leyonhjelm has received many homophobic letters and emails . 'This does not reflect well on the company people who oppose our Freedom to Marry Bill are keeping,' the politician said .
England host Scotland and France to close their RBS 6 Nations campaign . Stuart Lancaster's men are desperate to atone for the 19-9 defeat to Ireland . Ben Youngs has sought advice from World Cup winner Brad Thorn . Former All Black Thorn is now a team-mate of Youngs at Leicester .
Anthony Ujah scored Cologne's fourth and celebrated in peculiar fashion . The Nigerian international run over to the sidelines to celebrate with a goat . Club mascot Hennes VIII found himself vigorously pulled by the striker . Cologne went on to beat Frankfurt 4-2 at the RheinEnergieStadion .
The MoD has banned pilots flying £100m Lightning fighter jets in storms . Move comes over fears lightning bolt could bring the stealth aircraft down . RAF has ordered 14 of the new jets to be phased in over next five years . Fighter was created in the U.S. 20-year Joint Strike Fighter programme . The U.S has ordered 2,500 of the new Lockheed Martin aeroplanes . But stealth F35-B was plagued by design flaws and technical setbacks . Pilots were warned it could not be flown within 28 miles of thunderstorm .
Manny Pacquiao has caught the eye of 'smart money' gamblers... he was a 3/1 shot when betting opened, but now he is down to 2/1 . Floyd Mayweather and Pacquiao set to meet in the richest fight of all time . Mayweather started as the red-hot favourite but has now cooled to 2/3 . Mayweather: Pacquiao is reckless and makes a lot of mistakes . Meanwhile, Gennady Golovkin is in Carl Froch's line of fire .
Watford took the lead within seconds through Almen Abdi's strike . Matej Vydra doubled the hosts' advantage on 39 minutes . Hornets captain Troy Deeney added a third shortly before half-time . Jem Karacan pulled one back for the visitors on 70 minutes . Fernando Forestieri completed the scoreline as Watford won easily .
Stuart McCall has endured a tricky start to spell as Rangers manager . Rangers have limped to draws against Livingston and Alloa . McCall joked that everybody would be dropped if his friends had their way .
Ferguson: "Rappers are afraid they will lose out on money" James: "I'm making money off ... being creative"
St. Louis County Police confirmed that Thomas Allen Jr., 34, died of his injuries at the hospital Sunday . Crimes Against Persons Unit says investigation is underway . Officer said he was 'in fear for his life' in car as Allen tried to drive away from the scene .
AppKettle lets you set the temperature, and control the timing, of a brew . Its baby bottle preparation function lets parents schedule boiling times . Users can monitor water levels to know how many cups they can make . Household gadget is expected to launch on Kickstarter on 31 March . Campaign prices start at £79.99 ($119) but it's likely to retail for £120 ($179)
England host Australia for the 2015 Ashes on home turf this summer . With players including Michael Clarke (33), Chris Rogers (37) and Brad Haddin (37), Australia could face accusations of being a 'Dad's Army' Nonetheless, this is the squad that Nasser Hussain would pick .
Dublin's Old Jameson Distillery is one of the city's largest tourist attractions, despite no longer being in operation . The Midleton Distillery in Cork is another Jameson property, which dates back to 1795 and is set on 15 acres . In Northern Ireland, guests are encouraged to keep an eye out for the resident ghost at the Old Bushmills Distillery .
China sends fighter jets to patrol over border with Myanmar following the incident . Report: In addition to the fatalities, nine others were wounded .
Barcelona extends lead over Real Madrid in Spanish league . Champions League opponent Manchester City suffers shock defeat .
Aaron Schock under intense scrutiny for lavish spending of taxpayer funds . The congressman spent $40,000 renovating his office like Downton Abbey . It has now emerged he spent $10,000 taking 10 staffers on a New York trip . Schock told reporters the trip was official business to help generate commercial ties with India and he was 'honored' all the staffers attended . He also defended travel through Illinois as a way of meeting constituents .
Joyce Garrard, 49, is charged with killing 10-year-old Savannah Hardin by forcing her to run as punishment for lying about eating candy . Garrard took the witness stand Wednesday to say she never intended any harm to 9-year-old Savannah Hardin . Garrard's lawyers haven't denied that the girl ran before her collapse, but the defense said the woman had no intention of harming her granddaughter .
Juventus beat Sassuolo 1-0 on Monday night to go 11 points clear at the top of Serie A . Paul Pogba's 82nd minute goal was enough for a Juve win . The 21-year-old was on target for the first time since January .
Kym and Tonya Illman from Australia used various techniques to photograph wildlife at its most natural . They plan to feature more than 140 of their finest images, along with the story behind each one, in Africa on Safari . The couple have spent more than 22 weeks in Africa over the past two years alone .
Roberts is trying to join the legal battle being waged by two other women . They are suing the US Government over the granting of immunity from prosecution of convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein, 62 . In return the former friend of Prince Andrew paid compensation to victims . The Prince was named in papers filed by Roberts earlier this year . She claimed he was one of the men Epstein forced her to sleep with . If the US authorities win the case, Andrew will be spared a court date . He denies any sexual relationship with Roberts, who was 17 when they met .
Andre Schurrle moved from Chelsea to Wolfsburg for £22m in January . World Cup star has blamed poor start on exhaustion and lack of training . Schurrle watched Grizzly Adams hockey team with girlfriend Montana York .
Former student Graeme Phillip Harris indicted on civil rights charge . Noose and former Georgia flag with Confederate symbol hung on statue . Harris, who has transferred, faces 11 years in prison for incident . James Meredith, first black student at Ole Miss, wants statue destroyed .
Ramon Calderon doesn't think Real Madrid should sack Carlo Ancelotti . The Italian has come under pressure after some disappointing results . The former Real president believes the decision would be 'premature' READ: Real Madrid boss Ancelotti insists he is not fearing the sack . Click here for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Roy Keane's court appearance has been rearranged . Keane summonsed to court accused of road rage incident with taxi driver . Former Man United player to attend Trafford Magistrates Court on April 8 . Republic of Ireland coach accused of launching foul-mouth tirade . Incident occurred in Altrincham, Greater Manchester .
This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
China Airline's flight attendant diagnosed with disease this month . But may have exposed 1,558 passengers to German measles in February . Centre for Disease Control is now trying to track each one down .
William Lindauer was arrested for arson and other charges hours after the home in Arvada, Colorado was set on fire on Tuesday morning . Records show his wife filed for divorce in 2013 and it was finalized in 2014 . They had lived there with three children but neighbors had not seen the woman or kids in weeks, and no one was inside at the time of the fire .
Women chose 'perfect' celebrity features and an ideal body was mocked up . Also consists of Katy Perry's chest and Kate Hudson's beach hair . Men love Chris Hemsworth's arms and David Gandy's legs .
Video appears to show the killer athlete having a kickabout in prison yard . Enjoys penalty shoot-out with notorious Czech 'gangster' Radovan Krejcir . Pictures appear to support claims sprinter has dramatically slimmed down . He struck up friendship with Krejcir after sharing gym on hospital wing .
Everton face Dynamo Kiev in Europa League last 16 on Thursday night . The Toffees hold a 2-1 advantage going into the second leg clash . Blues squad appeared to be in high spirits as they boarded the plane .
Jelena Jankovic booked her place in the last four of the BNP Paribas Open . Opponent Lesia Tsurenko retired through injury while trailing 6-1, 4-1 . Serena Williams takes on Simona Halep in the semis on Friday .
Hertha Berlin drew 2-2 with Scahlke in their Bundesliga clash on Saturday . Anis Ben-Hatira celebrated his goal by putting on a Spiderman mask . Gesture was in support of eight-year-old fan battling against cancer .
U.S. District Judge Terrence Berg was shot in front of his home, CNN affiliate reports . Detroit police say there was a struggle after two men approached him, report says . Affiliate says he has non-life-threatening injuries after a shot struck him in the leg .
Helen Dugan continues to lead karate classes despite passing age of 80 . The great-grandmother of 17 only took up the sport when she was 47 . After earning black belt at 61, set up a karate class for disabled children .
Birmingham City's parent company make sweeping changes to its board . Peter Pannu, Birmingham's former acting chairman, has been removed . Gary Rowett's Blues are 14th in the Sky Bet Championship table .
Take That star bought £17.5m mansion in London's Holland Park in 2013 . Now he wants to build extension with large subterranean swimming pool . Plans upset some neighbours - chief among them veteran guitarist Page . 71-year-old said it could upset the fabric of his Grade I listed tower house . He hired architects and engineers who warned of 'damaging' vibrations .
Willie Carson of Houston, Texas has had his wages garnished for some 13 years because he was erroneously included on a girl's birth certificate . The girl's mother has now written to authorities and now Carson's 401K is no longer frozen and he no longer must pay child support . However, Texas law requires Carson must still pay his $21,000 unpaid support and any interest accrued after the termination date .
Rooney opened the scoring in the sixth minute after reacting first to a rebound to score his 47th international goal . Welbeck's deflected header doubled the lead just before the break to put the hosts in total control . Raheem Sterling converted Rooney's cross from inside the six yard box after 58 minutes . Kane was handed his first England cap, coming on for Rooney in the 71st minute . And he duly nodded home Sterling's cross 79 seconds after coming on to continue his fairytale season . View all the stats and facts from our Match Zone .
Aljaz Bedene officially became a British citizen at a ceremony on Tuesday . The Slovenian born 25-year-old is currently ranked No 83 in the world . Andy Murray has welcomed Bedene's switch in citizenship .
Real Madrid lost 1-0 to Athletic Bilbao and AC Milan drew 2-2 with Verona . Madrid's result leaves Barcelona with a chance to go top of La Liga . Filippo Inzaghi's AC Milan job is in danger after they stayed 10th in Serie A . Marca claim Madrid are in 'freefall', while Corriere dello Sport claim there is 'no future for Inzaghi' at AC Milan .
Homeless person pens note after breaking into car and stealing  blanket . Bert Palin, 82, from East Gosford on the NSW Central Coast, discovered the letter after returning home from a trip to Sydney's Redfern to visit family . The person signed it 'blanket thief', adding: 'the blanket is really itchy'
Primary school students punished for using bathroom during lesson time . At Bellbridge Primary School in Hoppers Crossing, south-west Melbourne . Parents say children have been wetting themselves in class . Bellbridge principal says the practice has now been stopped at the school .
Manchester United face Arsenal in the FA Cup sixth round on Monday night . United boss Louis van Gaal has been criticised for his tactics this season . Star striker Wayne Rooney has been deployed largely in midfield this term . Midfielder Marouane Fellaini has been used as a target centre forward too . Martin Keown: Manchester United vs Arsenal is a classic rivalry . Manchester United vs Arsenal: Team news, probable line ups and more . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Shant Badleean, 55, of Glendale, California turned himself into police on Saturday following pleas for driver to come forward from family and friends . Violeta Khachaturyan, four, was playing with her family in front yard before running into path of car; she was pronounced dead at hospital . Badleean was charged with felony hit and run and bail set at $50,000 . A candlelit vigil was held for girl on Saturday when news of Badleean's arrest was released .
Young refugee girl mistook Osman Sagirli's camera for a deadly weapon . Four-year-old froze in obvious terror and then raised her hands in the air . Child has been identified as Adi Hudea, whose father was killed in 2012 . Image has since gone viral, being shared on Twitter thousands of times .
Colours of two-tone dress became a topic of global debate on social media . Some viewers see the bodycon dress as white with gold lace detailing . Others see royal blue with black while a few insist the colours change . Roman Originals, who made dress, have produced white and gold version . It was auctioned for Comic Relief and sold for £1,356.78 .
Chelsea knocked out of Champions League after away goals defeat by PSG . Chelsea surrounding the referee: It's a calculated, orchestrated reaction, and they've been doing it for a while It's the quickest you'll ever see John Terry run! It was like PSG had been hypnotised into thinking they had 11 men . Chelsea didn't go out to win the match . Premier League the best? It's still interesting, it's about finding consistency . Chelsea look to have the wrong mentality, Capital One Cup win may have taken the edge of them. It shouldn't be handed out so early in the season . Both David Luiz and Danny Welbeck were right to celebrate. They were shown the door, so why not? Manchester United would be near the top of the league under Sir Alex Ferguson. Is Louis van Gaal's man management failing? 'Babies' is a good way to sum Chelsea up... but pressurising the referee certainly works . Did Arsenal underestimate Monaco, and Jose Mourinho the Parisians? Arsenal knocked Manchester United out of the FA Cup after 2-1 victory . Keown made 'money' gesture to manager Arsene Wenger prior to kick-off .
Finance minister has been trying to negotiate a better debt deal for Greece . Yanis Varoufakis has been under pressure from EU to secure repayments . A video has emerged in which he appears to raise his middle finger . Varoufakis makes offensive gesture while giving speech about Germany . He has denied footage is genuine and claims it has been doctored .
Celtic play Dundee United in the Scottish League Cup final on Sunday . Ronny Deila's side are bidding to win the domestic treble this season . Deila says losing cup final in Norway was the worst thing he has done .
CCTV footage shows the 65-year-old motorist drifting off while he navigates a road in Oakland County, Michigan . After stirring he suddenly slams on the brakes, but it proves too late and he collides with a car in front . After the driver manages to stop, a woman who was sat in the middle of the coach, exits out of the front door . While no one on the bus was hurt two motorists were reportedly taken to hospital non-life-threatening injuries .
Spurs striker Harry Kane has scored 26 goals in all competitions . Kane scored four league goals for Tottenham in February . Robin van Persie, Wayne Rooney and Radamel Falcao have scored 25 goals between them for Manchester United this season . CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
Former Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been ordered to stand trial . The first court hearing will take place on May 19 . Case centers on her role in controversial rice subsidy scheme .
Hugo Lloris was carried off on a stretcher after a collision with Kyle Walker in the second minute . Harry Kane opened the scoring for the home side in the sixth minute with his 27th goal of the season . The striker, given his first call-up to the England team on Thursday, doubled Spurs' lead after 13 minutes . Jamie Vardy pulled a goal back for Nigel Pearson's side after 38 minutes turning home David Nugent's cross . Captain Wes Morgan drew the visitors level just five minutes after the restart as he met a Matty James corner . Kane completed his hat-trick after 64 minutes as he netted from the penalty spot after Danny Rose was fouled . Jeff Schlupp scored an own goal with five minutes left before Nugent reduce the deficit to one in the 90th minute .
West Ham under pressure after just one Premier League win in 12 games . James Tomkins out for season after surgery on his dislocated shoulder . Sam Allardyce says Saturday's game against Sunderland is a must win . CLICK HERE for all the latest West Ham United news .
'Thin and crispy' pizza bases made using GM soya bean oil and maize flour since February . Waitrose selling imported US confectionery containing GM sugar beet and soya derivative . Marks & Spencer has been stocking American sauces and cookies that contain GM soya and corn . The double-dealing has been identified by the campaign group GM Freeze .
LAPD officers killed man during confrontation around noon Sunday . Chiefs have claimed the man was trying to snatch an officer's gun . Witnesses disputed the claim and said the man was 'no threat' to police . Shocking footage showed the fatal struggle in the city's Skid Row district . Officer shouts 'drop the gun!' before firing - but video does not show what pinned down man - who had just been Tasered - was doing . Police are looking for more video, and at least one officer had a body cam .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Five-month-old Thomas' jaw was fused shut after horrific accident . Vet who treated him called him 'Purr-minator' because of severe stitches . Cat-lovers have raised £4,000 of the £5,000 for surgery by UK super-vet . Elaine Clarke, 50, from Warrington, is leading the campaign for friend .
Cuba is expecting an influx of US tourists following the lifting of sanctions . Writer Ernest Hemingway loved Cuba, and bought Finca Vigia in 1940 . Eat at Mama Ines, where Fidel Castro's ex-chef has opened a restaurant .
Ben's life of adventure and travel began on a trip to Ecuador 21 years ago . His first visit saw him arrested by the police and bitten by a dog . But says stripping to his underpants for bizarre medical practice this time was one of his strangest experiences ever . Ben has teamed up with Virgin Holidays to inspire people to go on their own adventures .
Two 17-year-olds have been arrested in connection with the attack on Cabela, the dog that was shot and tied to railroad tracks . A tip-off led police to surveillance footage through which the identities of those involved were established . Cabela was bought from her owners for dogfighting, but was the teenagers decided to get rid of her as she was 'too sweet' The owners say that she escaped or was stolen from their yard, but it is not thought that they were involved in the shooting . Her injuries were so severe it was feared that she might need a leg amputated, but vets managed to save it and she is doing well . More charges and arrests are expected .
Evdokim Gorbunov, from Russia, sprayed one officer  in the face . 34-year-old had been at police station to answer questions about a theft . Disarmed and restrained by three officers before being put in cell .
Users couldn't access the App Store and iTunes for 12 hours yesterday . Apple said the fault was caused an internal DNS error . Technical glitch may have cost the company around $48 million . An update on Apple's status page confirmed the problem was global .
Sir Alex Ferguson released his autobiography in October 2013 . He is now following it up with a book about leadership out in the autumn . The book is being co-written by author Sir Michael Moritz .
Gonzalo Rodriguez gave the visitors the lead in the ninth minute . Marcos Alonso scored Fiorentina's second soon after . Jose Basanta added a third to compete the rout at the Olimpico Stadium .
Former Christian pastor Peter Abetz has described a school anti-bullying campaign as a 'gay lifestyle promotion campaign' He told Daily Mail Australia he was concerned the program would elevate LGBTI children to 'celebrity' status . Mr Abetz stressed 'no one' should be bullying anyone but that LGBTI kids should not be singled out . 'Peter Abetz is reinforcing exactly the same myths, prejudices that the Safe Schools Program is designed to challenge'
Papiss Cisse and Jonny Evans appeared to spit at each other . Stoke's Jonathan Walters says the alleged act is the 'lowest of the low' He warns anyone who tries to spit at him will be 'eating through a straw'
Aidan Brunger and Neil Dalton, both 22, were killed in Kuching on Borneo . Local Zulkipli Abdullah denied murder but admitted brawling with the pair . Death penalty by hanging is mandatory sentence for murder in Malaysia . Newcastle students were on a work placement when they were stabbed .
Abdulbaki Todashev, father of Ibragim, files notice of claim against agency . Father alleges wrongful death and negligent FBI hiring of Aaron McFarlane . Agent faced police brutality investigations and allegedly falsified reports . Official report from Department of Justice say shooting was self-defense .
Ireland face Wales then Scotland in the RBS 6 Nations . Ulster lock Dan Tuohy has been called into their training squad . Tuohy has been out since January with damaged thumb ligaments . The second row hasn't featured in Test action since February 2014 .
Five-man gang made off with £400,000 from JCB raids on banks and homes . They stole more than £300,000 from cash machines over nine-month period . Men also burgled six homes, stealing cars and jewellery worth £100,000 . Raids took place in Lincolnshire, Norfolk, Cambridgeshire and Suffolk . All five men admitted involvement in burglaries that caused 'misery'
Sgt. William Mudd, Capt. Rick Henke, and city Court Clerk Mary Ann Twitty resigned or were fired from the Ferguson Police department . The three are no longer with the department as a result of their involvement in racially charged or biased emails . Both Mudd and Henke were associated with emails exhibiting racism or other biases . A 102-page report by the DOJ shows illegal practices, racism, and abuses of power within the Ferguson Police Department . Twitty is seen in an undated picture next to Darren Wilson, the Ferguson police officer who killed Michael Brown, an unarmed African-American teen . A grand jury's decision not to indict Wilson for killing Brown sparked nationwide protest . In the picture, Wilson's arm is around Twitty as the two look joyful among friends and colleagues, including Ferguson Mayor James Knowles .
Levi Pettit has apologized to one of his most vocal critics, Oklahoma state Senator Anastasia Pittman . She has arranged a meeting with black students, church leaders and other politicians . 'All the apologies in the world won’t change what I've done,' Pettit said from a podium at an Oklahoma City Baptist church . The 20-year-old former OU student claimed he did not know why the racial slurs he was caught chanting were 'wrong' Students groups are considering inviting Pettit to speak at seminars, but he has been barred from setting foot on campus . Attorney for Sigma Alpha Epsilon announced he had reached a deal in his legal filing against the University of Oklahoma . No other members of the now-defunct fraternity will be expelled . Pettit and another student pictured in the video, Parker Rice, have been kicked out of school .
Peter Crouch took to Twitter to show fans his wild style photo shoot . Stoke City striker posed with a tiger and posted the picture on social media . Crouch has been dubbed everybody's second favourite footballer . Former England striker revealed it was all part of an advertising strategy .
A Brazilian beach ranks No. 1 for the second year in a row on TripAdvisor's beaches list . The best beach in the U.S. is in Florida this year, edging out last year's Hawaii winner .
Oprah to auction off items from her Water Tower Place condo on April 25 . Items range in price from $100 to more than $100,000 . Proceeds from the auction will benefit Oprah's education charity . News of auction comes less than a month after Oprah announced she was closing her television studios in Chicago .
Nicky Morgan snubbed Association of Teachers and Lecturers conference . Union accused her of 'cynicism' over rhetoric on teachers' workload . Comes as members are due to debate possible industrial action over pay . Row puts damper on Mrs Morgan's efforts to placate teachers' unions .
West Ham are currently relaxing on a mid-season break in Dubai . Cheikhou Kouyate posted a picture of him and team-mates shopping . Earlier in the week, Diafra Sakho was seen playing tennis in the sun . The Hammers face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon .
Maurouane Douiri was previously known as a womanizing gangster rapper . But he has joined ISIS and declared his allegiance to Abu Bakr a-Baghdadi . Rapper - better known as Emino - posted photos purportedly taken in Iraq . Militant was seen holding a goat and wearing traditional Arabic clothing . He previously used social media to promote his political raps and share photographs of himself posing with sports cars and half-naked women .
Louis van Gaal insists side must prioritise league form over FA Cup glory . However he previously said winning the FA Cup was his main objective . Manchester United face Arsenal in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup . The Red Devils are currently fourth in the Premier League .
McDonald's workers in 19 cities have filed complaints over workplace hazards, according to labor organizers . Employees cite a persistent lack of gloves for handling hot equipment and say they've been burned while cleaning grills that have to be kept on . In a statement, McDonald's said the company and its franchisees are committed to providing safe working conditions, and will review allegations .
Obama attended the game with his daughter Malia and brother-in-law Craig Robinson, as well as his nephew and mother-in-law . His niece Leslie Robinson is a freshman forward on the team . Both Craig Robinson and first lady Michelle Obama, who is currently traveling in Cambodia, are Princeton alums . Undefeated Princeton women's team defeated Wisconsin-Green Bay 80-70 . The victory is the first time the women's team won an NCAA game in Princeton's history .
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without nasal passages or sinus cavities . Its unknown if the nose he can have built for him will be functional . Eli had to have a tracheotomy at only five days old . Mother Brandi McGlathery, 23, was expecting a 'perfectly healthy baby boy' when every ultrasound came back normal during her pregnancy . Mother-of-three now cherishes 'the most beautiful boy I’ve ever laid eyes on’
English Premier League club Sunderland sack Uruguayan manager Gus Poyet . Heavy home defeat to Aston Villa on Saturday final straw for U.S. owner Ellis Short . Relegation from English top flight could cost clubs hundreds of millions of dollars . New EPL television deal due to begin in 2016 worth a seismic $7.8 billion .
Englishman Brian Davis makes eight birdies in round of 65 . Davis makes a brilliant chip-in on his final hold to take lead after first round . Davis has never won a tournament in his PGA Tour career .
University of Queensland scientists have made the medical breakthrough . 'Cheap' and 'mobile' ultrasound device that can be used for treatment . Drug-free treatment breaks down the plaques that cause memory loss . Will be particularly helpful to suffers in the early stages of the illness . Tested  on mice who were put through mazes and had to remember objects .
Domenico Giani, head of Vatican security, has given a rare interview . He revealed that he has a 130-strong team of agents guarding the Pope . Of those, 20 have specialist anti-terror training and guard the Pope abroad .
Oldham youngster Jack Touhy punched in the face from behind . Morcambe youth player had also reportedly elbowed an opponent . Tuohy was taken to hospital and later tweeted 'head is killing me now'
The Grammy-winning singer shed the weight quickly . He thanked the author of a book on healthy living .
Zully Broussard decided to give a kidney to a stranger . A new computer program helped her donation spur transplants for six kidney patients .
Up to seven boys locked the helpless 10-year-old victim in a wooden cage . They poured petrol over the young boy's body before setting him alight . Luckily residents heard the child's cries and were able to save his life . Act is believed to be in imitation of ISIS' murder of Mu'ath al-Kasasbeh . Attack came after video emerged of another group of Yemeni boys reenacting the gruesome murder of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians .
Tony Rodham used influence from Alejandro Mayorkas, then the head of US Citizenship and Immigration Services . Mayorkas intervened in visa applications filed by investors in companies run by Rodham's clients, Homeland Security investigators found . Latest 'brother eruption' could complicate Hillary Clinton's presidential ambitions . Tony and Hugh Rodham were involved in scandals involving criminal pardons that they lobbied for – on behalf of their clients – during Bill Clinton's presidency . The White House gave a full-throated defense of Mayorkas on Wednesday, describing him as a 'decorated public servant' out to make needed reforms .
Today host, 43, has been lined up to temporarily fill in for Lester Holt . Guthrie has not been touted as a contender for full-time role as she's bound to Today until 2018 . Williams suspended until at least June, Lester Holt is raking in viewers .
A pilot is in the works for a 'The Walking Dead' spinoff . A second season has already been ordered  for companion series .
Massachusetts couple found what they thought was a stray dog in Aruba . They called a vet, adopted the dog through a charity - and called her Coco . The couple, Lisa and Dan O'Connell said Coco was in shocking condition . However, now an Aruba resident claims that the dog is in fact hers . She is suing the O'Connells and has set up a campaign Facebook page .
Second-tier French club Nimes will be relegated at the end of the season . Former club president Jean-Marc Conrad attempted to fix matches . A full investigation was launched and Conrad was arrested in November . Conrad has been banned from football-related activities for seven years .
Escort agency posted in student groups on Facebook in Freshers' Week . Others followed young people on Twitter and posted recruitment adverts . Lap dancing can earn students up to £800 per night, according to research . Male students more likely to perform from their bedrooms on webcams .
A scientist tagging newborn seal pups in Erebus Bay, Antarctica, has shared an adorable photo he took of a baby seal nuzzling up to its mom . William Link of the U.S. Geological Survey captured the heartwarming moment involving the Weddell seal and her pup back in October . The photo was posted on Instagram last week and has already received over 19,000 likes . The Weddell seal population in Antarctica has been extensively studied for over 40 years .
Hilbre High School announced an eclipse-based project for younger pupils . Rest of the school were ordered to remain indoors during the phenomenon . But an entire class of older pupils skipped lessons to watch solar eclipse . They were given immediate detentions after 'looking at it with naked eye' Parents have complained children were punished for showing curiosity .
Nicola Adams and Lisa Whiteside could fight in national championships . They are both seeded in the flyweight division and face a final date in April . Whiteside has challenged Adams' dominance and could rival her for a place in Team GB for the Rio Olympics in Brazil in 2016 .
Rangers, currently third in Championship, beat Hibernian 2-0 on Sunday . Stuart McCall's side closed gap on Hibs to three points with game in hand . Rangers will almost certainly be involved in the promotion play-off . Neil Lennon thinks it is essential Rangers get back into the Premiership .
Canadian pastor is reported missing by his family after a trip to North Korea . Hyeon Soo Lim, 60, speaks Korean fluently and has visited North Korea numerous times . Tour groups: North Korea is easing its Ebola policy .
Hillary Clinton used her iPad to communicate with state department staff . The former secretary of state used the tablet for official and personal email . Mrs Clinton routed the emails through her own personal computer server . Critics accused her of deleting thousands of relevant work emails .
The seven-bedroom Holwood House in Keston, Kent, boasts 40 acres of land as well as views of Canary Wharf . William Wilberforce, Winston Churchill and Charles Darwin were all regular visitors to the property . The house was bought by Pitt the Younger for £8,950 in 1785 while the current owner spent £2.5 million in 2002 . Mr Pitt and William Wilberforce sat under an oak tree in the grounds and discussed the abolition of slavery .
Rio Ferdinand played FIFA 15 and talked Lionel Messi vs Cristiano Ronaldo . The QPR defender said we should appreciate the talents of the magical duo . Ferdinand spoke from his car complete with an X-Box and multiple screens .
American was flown from Africa to Maryland hospital . NIH has one of only four U.S. hospital biocontainment units .
Jonas Gutierrez has battled back from testicular cancer . He was given the all-clear following chemotherapy in November . The winger returned to first-team action against Manchester United . Gutierrez joined Newcastle from Mallorca in 2008 . He has clocked nearly 200 appearances for the club .
Thierry Henry handed out the 'Sky Sports Living for Sport Student of the Year for Wales' award at Pen-Y-Dre high school in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales . Arsenal legend presented 16-year-old Emma Morgan with the award . He wore a wig and glasses to disguise himself to students at the school . Entering as a supply teacher, Henry's outfit was quickly seen through .
Labour leader says Britain only succeeds when working families succeed . Unveils Labour's election pledge card setting out promises to voters . Election is a choice between a party 'good of some or the good of all' Tories warn Labour's economic plan would bring 'chaos' to the country .
High school senior Matt Hofenbredl won his third state wrestling championship in Portland, Oregon on Saturday night . But as he celebrated his win, his mother rushed on to the mat and told him that his grandfather, Larry Hofenbredl, had collapsed in the stands . Mr Hofenbredl, 70, was taken away but later died . Matt tweeted later on Saturday night: 'Thanks to everyone that has been here for me... it sure has been rough'
David Cameron said he would not bid for a third term if he wins election . The PM said two terms were 'wonderful' but three 'might just be too many' If re-elected in May, he will serve a full five years but then quit Number 10 .
80,000 military staff and 20,000 civilians took part in a weekend parade . Called Venezuela a 'socialist motherland' and chanted anti-US slogans . Venezuelan parliament approved law for president to legislate by decree . Nicolas Maduro said legal change came in the face of 'American threats' Last week Barack Obama declared Venezuela a national security threat .
Soggy looking chips seem to be the most common side option . McDonald's cheeseburgers have even been smuggled by hungry jihadis . Flapjacks, crisps and packets of cocoa powder all appear to be rare novelties . Most food appears to be childishly simple with little consideration for a balanced diet .
Serge Aurier posted a video on Facebook criticising the officiating in PSG's Champions League tie with Chelsea last Wednesday . Dutch referee Bjorn Kuipers sent off Zlatan Ibrahimovic in the first half . Aurier said 'referee, dirty son of a b***h' on a video posted afterwards .
TMZ report Karrueche had 'no idea' about the child .
Authorities say the most recent cases in California have catered to wealthy Chinese amid a boom in birth tourism from mainland China . The birth tourism business has been charging pregnant women $50,000 for lodging, food and transportation . Owners netted hundreds of thousands of dollars and helped more than 400 American babies be born at Orange County hospitals . No arrests were made or charges filed on Tuesday but investigators removed boxes of evidence . Pregnant women were seen around the complex looking confused and one agent reported finding a baby in one apartment .
Kathleen McSherry, 66, started training as a midwife in 1966, aged just 17 . Mother-of-four helped husband Jim deliver their third child in home birth . She has delivered babies in hospital car parks and has two named after her .
Neymar and his Barcelona team-mates trained on Saturday morning . He is suspended after picking up his fifth yellow card of the season . Neymar is set to be replaced by Barca's 27-year-old forward Pedro .
Couple  recently ordered their shopping to be delivered for the first time . But on one of first occasions, mouse jumped out of bag after delivery . Husband caught footage of the creature escaping from a bag last week . Tesco sent around pest control experts who later caught the animal .
Government decided to act following revelations of Rotherham scandal . At least 1,400 children were abused in area between 1997 and 2013 . Children as young as 11 raped by multiple people, abducted and trafficked . Council staff were scared to report the abuse for fear of seeming racist . Prime Minister is to condemn the 'warped' sense of political correctness .
Victor Barnard is accused of 59 counts of sexual assault on two young girls . He was a preacher of a religious group that had a camp in Minnesota . Authorities have been looking to arrest him since April 2014 .
Official figures reveal decline in families living wholly off state handouts . Suggests Work and Pensions Secretary's reforms have been successful . Iain Duncan Smith was criticised for introducing £500-a-week benefit cap . There are 372,000 fewer children in jobless homes than there were in 2010 .
Laura Robson hasn't played since the Australian Open in January 2014 . 21-year-old underwent surgery on her left wrist after the tournamentÂ . Former British No 1 no longer has a ranking due to her injury lay-off .
Andrew Horrocks was jailed for sexual assault and raping a girl, five . But he was allowed to deliver post to schools after being released from jail . Two schools in north Manchester were on the sex offender's rounds . Whistl employed Horrocks for more than a year after admin blunder . Horrocks was sacked after a colleague told bosses about his conviction .
Don Lemon invited James Moore to talk about race relations on CNN show . Moore is also known as Imperial Kludd of the Loyal White Knights of KKK . Interview was conducted via Skype with Moore in traditional KKK dress . Viewers have criticised CNN for allowing Moore on the show and giving him airtime .
Jooney Woodward took portraits of show animals and their handlers in the UK . The livestock shows are just as much business events as they are social gatherings .
Shakhtar Donetsk could sell Douglas Costa for at least £25million . Jose Mourinho is a known admirer of the Brazil international midfielder . Real Madrid, Barcelona and Arsenal are also interested in the 24-year-old . READ: Douglas Costa dreaming of summer move to Chelsea .
Psychotherapist Philippa Perry has made a documentary on sex advice . Sex, Lies and Love Bites: The Agony Aunt Story interviews advice columnists from Graham Norton to the women behind Jackie magazine . An increasing number of men are turning to Agony Aunts for help . See Sex, Lies and Love Bites: The Agony Aunt Story on BBC4 tonight at 9pm .
Colin Hendry was arrested for drink driving near his Lancashire home . When breathalysed, he was found to be nearly double legal alcohol limit . But Hendry claims he did not drink much and blamed a 'rare' metabolism . Hendry played for Rangers, Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City .
Ehud Olmert accepted around £104,000 ($153,950) from Morris Talansky . Gave an aide part of the money in exchange for loyalty, judges decided . 69-year-old convicted of illicitly receiving money, fraud and breach of trust .
Christy O'Donnell, 46, diagnosed with Stage IV lung adenocarcinoma in June and given six months to live . She has undergone chemotherapy and exhausted other medical options . Eventually she will drown in her own lung fluid, doctors say . O'Donnell wants to end her life at home in Valencia, California . Inspire by Brittany Maynard, she has joined the campaign to pass a right-to-die bill in the state . Maynard moved to Oregon in order to take her own life in November .
Dr Karen Halnon, 52, was caught on camera lighting a cigarette and ranting . PSU Abington professor is still employed but 'no longer in the classroom' Dr Halnon said she was expressing an act of civil disobedience . She claims the FBI tortured her after her disorderly conduct arrest in Miami . Cigarette was symbol of her 'revolutionary cause,' she said .
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio . In court documents, Santana admitted to strangling and stabbing Fazio, a Disney World employee, to death, and then having sex with her corpse . He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing Fazio's dog . His trial was set to begin on Tuesday, but was pushed back after he smeared feces all over his body at the courthouse and tried to hit an officer . He will now be evaluated by two doctors, and the trial will begin on Wednesday morning . Santana's lawyer argues that he is not competent to stand trial .
Bushfire survivor Turia Pitt has marked another milestone in her recovery, with surgeons constructing her a new nose . But it was not without a harrowing health scare - Ms Pitt stopped breathing on the operating table . 'We thought she was gone,' her mother Celestine told the latest issue of Woman's Day magazine . Ms Pitt had to be placed on an incubator in order to survive the operation and did not expect to wake up in ICU . But Ms Pitt is now proudly showing off her new facial feature, telling the magazine: 'I can't believe I didn't have a nose for so long'
Bethany Harvey took image of herself, her baby nephew and her sister . When she sent it to friends they noticed ghostly body in the background . Shows what seems to be girl in purple dress with hands folded in her lap .
Manchester United legends Paul Ince and Roy Keane were team-mates . Ince hails Keane as a 'leader of men' Keane was last in charge at Ipswich over four years ago . Ince also rejects any suggestion Ryan Giggs might succeed Louis van Gaal . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Rafael Nadal cruised through to the third round after straight-sets victory . The Spaniard beat Almagro 6-4, 6-2 to progress at the Miami Open . Nadal has reached the final four times but is yet to win the title . Meanwhile, Heather Watson is one set down in her rain-interrupted second-round match against Angelique Kerber .
Quantum of the Seas cost nearly $1 billion to build and is billed the world's smartest cruise ship . Robots make your drinks, you can take out a surfboard on deck and surf the web at speed . The company behind it, Royal Caribbean, believe it is "winning cruise wars"
Du Xiutang, from Yulin, also asked friends and family to donate money . 53-year-old started project last August and invented dual propeller system . Former miner is now looking for other investors so he can continue .
Indiana man Kenneth Harden was charged with nearly 40 felonies last year . Charges included rape, intimidation, strangulation and domestic battery . He could have served up to 20 years for each of the most serious offenses . Wife changed the statement she made to police and plea deal was reached . Harden pleaded guilty to just one charge and will serve two years in prison .
Health employee sentenced to 2 years jail after stealing $40k in overtime . Karma Elms pleaded guilty to the offence that happened over 15 months . The 36-year-old has not yet repaid the debt and is near bankruptcy . Magistrate Wendy Culls said Elms had a very disadvantaged childhood .
Alan Sunderland scored the winner in Arsenal's 1979 FA Cup final win . Sunderland struck in the 89th minute for a dramatic 3-2 victory . He now lives in Malta, where he will watch Monday's clash between the two .
Ross and Clare Simons were killed when their tandem bike was hit by a car . Banned driver Nicholas Lovell ploughed into them in a speeding Citroen . Lovell- who has 69 previous convictions- was jailed for  ten-and-a-half years . Simons' family released crash picture in campaign for tougher sentences .
Scientists studied water in Mars' atmosphere with three giant infrared telescopes . They compared the ratio of certain molecules on the planet with that of a Mars meteorite that landed on Earth .
Fitness blogger Kayla Itsines is taking court action against diet gurus Freelee the Banana Girl and Durianrider . Ms Itsines launched legal action in late February over remarks she said were defamatory . The South Australian Supreme Court heard submissions on Monday afternoon . More than a hundred fans reportedly turned up in support of Freelee the Banana Girl . Freelee and Durianrider had posted a video of themselves outside court calling on their fellow 'fruit bats' to rally at court . The hearing was adjourned until next week .
Secretary of State tried to downplay rift over Israeli prime minister's speech . He will address joint session of Congress on Tuesday after GOP invite . White House said the speech was organized without their blessing . Administration worries it could tank negotiations with Iran . But Kerry today emphasized U.S.-Israeli unity in attempt to make up .
1963 Volkswagen Beetle was featured in 1980 film Herbie Goes Bananas . The white, four-speed vehicle was one of 23 cars  used in the film . It was custom built by Disney for scene where it floated on Panama Canal . Car has remote control that allows its headlights to move and horn to honk .
The dog named Fritz initially looks composed before the camera . He fails to catch a hot dog, taco, strawberry and slice of pizza . He has some success by catching a single chip at the end of the video .
William and Caroline Hopkins married in 2009 after an affair in the 1980s . Mrs Hopkins signed post-nup, entitling her to £350,000 and two properties . She claimed she had been bullied and badgered into signing the deal . But a judge rejected claims that she had been under 'undue influence'
SNP chief said she would vote Green in England and Plaid Cymru in Wales . But she called for deal with Labour after the election to keep the Tories out . Ms Sturgeon she she would impose left-wing policies across the UK . She said the SNP wanted to do more than just serve Scotland's interests .
Lawes blind-sided the French fly half when the ball was gone . Referee Nigel Owens and his video-reviewing assistant agreed that the Lawes’ tackle was within the regulations . If it had happened in a street outside the stadium police may well have been called to investigate if there were grounds for an assault charge . Steven Gerrard stamped on Ander Herrera and was sent off. He subsequently apologised to his team-mates and fans . There has been no apology from Lawes for a violent act which cast a pall over an otherwise heroic England victory .
Daniel Vettori to play final international  v Australia in World Cup final . Vettori made his Test debut as a 17-year-old in 1997 . New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum wants a fitting finale . READ: Australia beat India by 95 runs to set up final with New Zealand . CLICK HERE for all the latest Cricket World Cup news ahead of the final .
Independent Police Complaints Commission extends probe into sex ring . Entertainers, actors and priests are now thought to have been protected by corrupt police officers . Total of 17 alleged cover-ups now part of the extended investigation . Watchdog is also accessing a further six referrals it has received .
May often top of the polls as favourite politician by party member . 26% backed Mrs May compared to 22% for Mr Johnson . Seen by allies as Britain's Angela Merkel - chancellor of Germany . Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham favourite for next Labour leader .
For delicious food, try the Broadstairs Food Festival from April 4 to 6 . Celebrate William Shakespeare's birthday on 23rd April . Escape to Dorset's cosmopolitan seaside town, Bournemouth . With clear, warm waters the Isles of Scilly are England's tropical paradise . For more spring ideas, see visitengland.com .
Russian President honors more than 30 people, including Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov . Also honored: Andrei Lugovoi, charged by the UK with London murder of former Russian security agent . Russian ambassador to the U.S. is cited as "honored employee of a diplomatic service"
Judge Laura Drager said she was tired of the singer's ‘frivolous conduct’ Lawyer for Liza Ghorbani, Mr Gallagher’s baby mother, said he had not turned up for a deposition he was supposed to give last month either . Also revealed their daughter, two, is exhibiting ‘delays’ in her development .
Country gathered to honour Afghanistan campaign at St Paul's Cathedral . Queen led the nation's tribute, supported by her husband, Prince Philip . All the senior members of the Royal Family and political leaders attended . Several children were wearing medals of fathers who never returned .
Skid Row in L.A. is a 54-block area home to the nation's largest concentration of homeless people . New York City has the biggest homeless population, but L.A. has biggest number of unsheltered homeless . The homeless in downtown Los Angeles' Skid Row live on sidewalks under tarps and tents .
Lana Hirschowitz wrote an article about a kitchen appliance the Thermomix . She claimed the popular appliance wasn't 'life changing' The 'cult' appliance has an army of loyal fans who attacked Ms Hirschowitz . She hit back on social media saying she has the right to have an opinion . ‘I just want to write my opinion and not be vilified for it.’
Borussia Dortmund have turned around their season after disastrous start . The Bundesliga giants are five points off a Europa League place . Jurgen Klopp's team looked doomed to relegation earlier in the campaign . Key men like Mats Hummels, Ilkay Gundogan and Marco Reus could leave . Germany international Hummels will cost Manchester United £35m . Reus signed new contract but could still head to Barcelona next year .
Defense in trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev rested after less than three days . Prosecution presented more than 90 witnesses over the course of a month .
Kremlin critic and opposition figure Boris Nemtsov was fatally shot in Moscow on Friday . In 2014 he had told CNN's Anthony Bourdain his fame offered some protection . Nemtsov criticized Putin's Russia in the interview saying the power system was corrupt .
Aston Villa moved into the FA Cup semi-finals with a 2-0 defeat of West Brom at Villa Park on Saturday . Villa and Baggies fans behaved irresponsibly by invading the pitch, ripping out seats and abusing players . Villa face the prospect of a fine in the region of £100,000 for failing to adequately control hundreds of fans . Baggies boss Tony Pulis called for lifetime bans for anyone convicted of throwing seats . But Football Supporters' Federation chief Malcolm Clarke has called for punishments to fit the crime . Goal scorer Fabian Delph claims he lost a boot and was bitten during the chaotic scenes .
Photographs were taken at West Riding Pauper Lunatic Asylum by chief neurologist Sir James Crichton-Browne . While some pictures may appear barbaric to modern eyes, they asylum actually led the way in ethical treatment . Each picture is accompanied by detailed medical notes and diagnoses including ‘imbecility,’ and ‘simple mania,’
Target's 2013 data breach exposed details of up to 40million bank accounts . A court hearing on the proposed settlement is set for Thursday in St. Paul, Minneapolis . Earlier, the retailer said it would lay off about 1,700 people . It has worked hard to lure back customers scared off by the breach . The retailer's stock traded above $80 for the first time Monday .
Brazil centre back Marquinhos signs new deal at PSG . Contract extension will keep him at the club until 2019 . Manchester United had been hoping to sign the 20-year-old . But Louis van Gaal will now have to look elsewhere to bolster his defence .
Radio producer Trav Roebuck tweeted SEEK a screen grab of his search looking for advertisements for a new One Direction band member . SEEK responded saying they have 'Styles,' therefore do no have 1D ads . A hilarious pun war was initiated with SEEK adding many more Tweets . QLD police also joined in posting their own comment on Facebook . This comes after Zayn Malik's shock exit from the group on Wednesday .
Apple launched its iPhone Reuse and Recycle trade-in scheme in 2013 . It gives Apple credit to put towards the purchase of a new device . Sources said Apple will soon accept non-iOS devices on this program . This includes Android, Windows Phone and BlackBerry handsets . Employees are being trained in the changes now and the scheme is expected to launch 'in the coming weeks'
Tierney Hinde from Dartford, Kent, disgusted with her Pontins apartment . When she was moved at Camber Sands resort, things didn't improve . Mother abandoned the holiday three days into week-long break .
Obama swung by Jimmy Kimmel Live while  in LA for Democrat fundraiser . President read out harsh jibes during the show's Mean Tweets segment . One joked: 'How do you make Obama's eyes light up? Shine a flashlight in his ears' President reveals he's not allowed to use most smart phones or drive a car . He branded gunmen who shot two police officers in Ferguson 'criminals'
Louis van Gaal has been criticised for his negative style of play . Henk ten Cate believes Van Gaal needs time to get used to English football . Manchester United are currently fourth in the Premier League . READ: Radamel Falcao accepts he joined the wrong club . CLICK HERE for all the latest Man United news .
'Princess Marci's Royal Parade' was held for Masa Vukotic on Saturday . Mourners dressed in pink, donned bunny ears and Cosplay costumes . The 17-year-old schoolgirl was stabbed in a Doncaster park last week . Her siblings released 17 white doves, one for each year of her life . Her parents were consoled by friends and strangers touched by  tragedy . The event was held the day after Masa's funeral, where her family read emotional poems and tributes .
A Chihuahua tries to travel with its owner via checked baggage . TSA officers at LaGuardia found the dog during the normal screening process .
Deonte Turner, 12, of Detroit, Michigan, stepped in to protect his mother as three masked men yelled profanities at her and demanded her money . The incident happened when Barbara Whithead got out of her car in her driveway after returning home in the early hours of Tuesday . Denote placed himself between the men and his mother, at which point one of the men stabbed him in the arm . The three men ran off immediately after and police are still searching for the attackers . Deonte was taken to the hospital, treated and released a few hours later . Assistant Detroit Police Chief Steve Dolunt has called what Deonte did for his mother 'extremely commendable'
Scientists at Yale University developed a new way of diagnosing malaria . They look for a waste product produced by the parasite in bone marrow . Crystals of this protein form inside ancient bones of infected individuals . This allowed researchers to diagnose children that died 1,500 years ago . They say it could be used to trace the spread of malaria in human history .
Chelsea face PSG in the Champions League on Wednesday after drawing 1-1 in Paris . The Blues celebrate their 110th anniversary on Tuesday, being formed in the Rising Sun pub in 1905 . John Obi Mikel was the only player not to be involved in the session ahead of the crucial tie . READ: PSG players to pocket £180k EACH if they  beat Chelsea . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Metal was en route from Miami to Massachusetts when truck stopped . Three armed men in white van tied guards and marched them into woods . Owner of transport company TransValue says his guards weren't injured . Goods transported with company are insured for up to $100million .
Horrific footage shows crab-eating macaque monkeys caged for testing . Thousands of monkeys worldwide torn away from families and tortured . Air France are the only major international airline still shipping animals . People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals call on them to stop . For more detail on PETA's Air France campaign, visit: http://PETAUK.org/airfrance .
Faugheen dictated the tempo and romped home the 4/5 winner . Arctic Fire came second in the race with Hurricane Fly in third . Win gave Ruby Walsh and Willie Mullins a treble with just four races down . Mullins described the 1-2-3 as his greatest ever training achievement .
Frazier Glenn Miller, 74, is charged with capital murder for the 2014 shootings at a Jewish Community Center and at a nearby Jewish retirement home . None of the victims in the Overland Park, Kansas, shooting were Jewish . Prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty for Miller, of Aurora, Missouri . Miller has said that he's ill and afraid he doesn't have much time left to live . He founded the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in North Carolina . The Vietnam veteran served three years in federal prison in the 1980s .
Damian Ayles posted used tissues through family's postbox after the act . Also smeared excrement across their car as part of unexplained vendetta . The 23-year-old was caught when unnamed family set up security cameras . Family, who have children, suffered stress and anxiety from harassment . Ayles, from Twydall, Kent, looked away as footage of act shown in court .
Alessia Avellino's relationship with Paul Bijl broke down after his stroke . But he still often sent her letters and texts calling her 'c***' and 'whore' She fled flat in St John’s Wood to her native Italy after it 'destroyed' her . Court gave Bijl restraining order and six months of community service .
On Tuesday, a jury awarded the family of Marvin Gaye $7.4million in their lawsuit against Pharrell and Robin Thicke . Gaye's children Nona, Frankie and Marvin Gaye III sued the singers in 2013 saying they stole the music to Blurred Lines from their father . Following the verdict, the family spoke out in interview, saying they hold no grudge against Pharrell and aren't planning further suits . Thicke told jurors he didn't write Blurred Lines, which Williams testified he crafted in about an hour in mid-2012 . The song made a staggering $16million for Pharrell, Thicke and rapper T.I.
Kristel George, 35, left the appliance in a wicker basket just after using it . The £20 Braun hairdryer was left in the basket next to a can of hairspray . It is believed the heat caused the can to explode, and ignited the fire . The mother-of-two's rented home was completely gutted by the blaze .
Ricky Burns has gone bankrupt with debts of more than £400,000 . Scottish fighter said his remaining assets are worth just £228 . Burns applied for bankruptcy after courtroom battle with Frank Warren . Both Burns and Warren declared victory after the High Court showdown . But Burns paid £200,000 legal fees and a further £170,000 . A previous version of this story repeated a claim that suggested Eddie Hearn had encouraged Mr Burns to leave Mr Warren’s management. We have since learnt that the court considered and rejected a similar allegation and we have taken immediate action to amend the article. We apologise for repeating the allegation.
Iraq stages an offensive against ISIS in Tikrit . ISIS has generally controlled Tikrit since 2014 .
Items for films Star Wars and Wizard of Oz among the most valuable . Second was the Aston DB5 from Goldfinger which went for £2.67m ($4.1m) Audrey Hepburn's black My Fair Lady dress sold for £2.9m ($4.5m) Private collectors pay extravagant prices to get hold of most iconic props .
Testimony this week focused on DNA, fingerprints and tire treads . Mother tells Susan Candiotti that court "went very well" for Hernandez . Jurors also heard details about cell phone records and cell towers .
England lost on the Six Nations title by just six points on Saturday . Stuart Lancaster's men beat France 55-35 but it wasn't enough . England failed to drive home their advantage at Twickenham .
Horror rash at Nurburgring during endurance race kills one spectator . Jann Mardenborough's  car flipped up into the air during VLN1 event . Brit's Nissan landed in a crowd of people after flipping over safety fence . Track known for lethal crashes, but accidents with spectators are rare .
Firing squads were an option in Utah before they were banned in 2004 . New law would allow them as execution method if proper drugs not available for lethal injection . Many states are having problems getting the drugs .
Don McLean: It's bad idea for NTSB to re-examine 1959 crash that killed Buddy Holly, "Big Bopper," Ritchie Valens . He says it's distasteful; they should "rest in peace" He says looking at crash case again is only part of the "American death trip" that pervades our culture .
The announcement comes after US President Barack Obama's invitation to visit the White House September 23 . The 78-year-old confirmed late last year that he would visit the US to take part in a Catholic Church congress in Philadelphia . During the trip, he will also address the United Nations in New York and become the first pontiff to address the US Congress .
Winning is everything to Jose Mourinho - whether it is the Barclays Premier League, the Champions League or a charity match . Chelsea went beyond what is acceptable against PSG but, unfortunately, it is not the first time we have seen them do it. I doubt it will be the last, either . In a few years from now, we could be acknowledging Mourinho as the most successful manager of all time . But will he be loved? Chelsea fans undoubtedly adore him. Porto and Inter supporters will too. Yet beyond that? It is debatable .
Film fans raise chilling similarity between Wild Tales and Alps disaster . First scenes of movie show madman crashing jet to murder his enemies . Acclaimed Argentinian film released in UK  today and is out in America . Controversial movie was released in Germany and Spain last autumn .
Sexting is more common than parents might realize, studies suggest . Teens can hide texts they send using apps like Snapchat, CyberDust and VaporChat .
Wales raced into an early lead as Leigh Halfpenny kicked the first points of the match from a penalty . Full back Halfpenny scored another three penalties for the home side as Wales led 12-0 at the Millennium Stadium . Johnny Sexton pulled it back to 12-6 with two penalties before Dan Biggar scored a drop goal to make it 15-6 . Sexton added another three points with a penalty as the sides went in at half time without a try on the board . Ireland pressed for a try early in the second half but the Wales defence held firm as they approached the try line . Scott Williams gave Wales a commanding lead with the opening try in the 62nd minute to make 20-9 . Ireland were awarded a penalty try with just over 10 minutes to play which was converted to make 20-16 . Halfpenny made it 23-16 with five minutes to play after scoring his fifth penalty of the match .
Bale’s goals against Levante were his first in 10 games, but before that he scored vital goals and helped Real Madrid to their 10th European Cup . The condemnation he currently receives from the local media and crowd, therefore, is mystifying . He is accused of not being a team player. Few in England would recognise that description .
A few of Hollywood's most famous props have gone up on the auction block . Hollywood Auction Extravaganza XVII took place on Saturday, and collectors had a chance to bid on some memorable parts of movie history . With props from 2001: A Space Odyssey and Star Trek to a wide selection of Beatles merchandise, there was something for everyone .
A group of university students reclaim their possessions after text message banter with thief . Kate McDonald, Julia Kerr, Kate Randhawa, Briar Middleton and Olivia Van Diepen, all age 20, visited Christchurch for a friend's party . They went to sight-see in town but returned to find Ms McDonald's car had been broken into . Three handbags, identity cards, passports, wallets and Ms Kerr's mobile had been stolen . So Ms McDonald texted the criminal. Soon afterwards, the thief expressed regret: 'U sound hot I wish I nva done that but to late (sic)'
Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the season following knee surgery . The West Ham striker has struggled with injuries since his £15m move . Carroll and fiance Billi Mucklow are expecting a baby together .
Danny Rose was called into the squad as cover for Luke Shaw . Shaw withdrew on Saturday with a hamstring problem . Rose will play no part in the games against Lithuania and Italy .
Divorced Spanish father must pay nearly £300 a month to daughter, 31 . Lawyer said case is unprecedented due to payments being open-ended . Youth employment in Spain above 50 per cent - one of the highest in EU .
Footage shows man preparing to pierce young girl's ear in Chicago, Illinois . The frightened child repeatedly cries out in a bid to prevent the procedure . Woman believed to be her mother then puts the youngster in a headlock . The girl can be heard screaming 'please don't' before ear is finally pierced . Video has sparked outrage with some branding those involved 'a disgrace'
US magazines OK! USA and Life & Style made the claims this week . One claimed the Duchess had 'a last minute C-Section' and a baby girl . Kensington Palace have confirmed that the reports are totally untrue . US tabloids have a history of publishing bizarre Royal stories . The Globe caused outrage in 2012 when it claimed the Queen was dying . It also alleged that Camilla had mounted an 'evil plot' to seize the throne .
Allen posted a picture to Twitter showing World War II ship's rusting bow . Musashi, the Japanese Navy's biggest battleship, was sunk in 1944 . It lay undiscovered on the floor of the Sibuyan Sea for the past 70 years . Billionaire Allen has now used his personal submarine to find the ship . Discovery brings to an end Allen's eight year search for the Musashi .
Specialty gang known as 'Joloperros' - Spanish for 'stick-up guys' Will go to trial this summer over an elaborate July 2012 kidnapping . Dressed up as police and wore skeleton masks to abduct a 'drug dealer' They held the victim for ransom, torturing him in a safe house . Victim finally escaped and called police, who arrested the gang . The plot was one of many underground kidnappings taking over Boston .
Fake versions on sale at Huaqiangbei electronics market in Shenzhen . Mimic the design and style of the new watch right to the digital crown . Apple only launched new flagship product in San Francisco yesterday . Knock-off D-Watch and Ai Watch are work of 'shanzhai', or counterfeiters . Cheapest real Sport model will cost $349 in the US and £299  in the UK .
The teenage sports star and her coached reached out to Bloomsburg University president on Monday . Joey Casselberry was removed as a sophomore first baseman for the Huskies  in Pennsylvania this weekend . He had tweeted: 'Disney is making a movie about Mo'ne Davis? WHAT A JOKE. That s*** got rocked by Nevada' He will remain off the team, despite the 13-year-old Little Leaguer's request .
New PwC report has sought out the best cities for investors in Africa . North African capitals dominate, but there are signs that sub-Saharan cities will come into their own in the near future .
American missionary Phyllis Sortor was kidnapped by masked gunmen in central Nigeria on February 23 . Sortor, who was affiliated with the Free Methodist Church, has been released, an official said Friday .
Royal, 37, looked smart and chic in all black as she landed in Seoul . Joined by her husband on official trip to South Korea . Victoria's visit kicks off with a meeting with Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo .
Photographs were taken in the terror group's northern Iraqi stronghold . Images show crowded market stalls loaded with olives, pickles and sweets . Carefree shoppers browse the stalls seemingly oblivious to ongoing war . Mosul is on the frontline of the Iraq's fightback against the Islamic State .
Robert Boon, 50, from Devon scored the 180 raising money for the blind . Legally blind himself, he was reported for benefit fraud after the high score . Mr Boon explained practice and memory allowed him to clock the points . Humiliated, he had to report to the Department of Work and Pensions .
Mum Tracy has called police to save her from being attacked by schoolboy . Chased from the house by Robert who was brandishing two bread knives . Regularly has items thrown at her including skirting boards and books . Family appearing on Channel 5's show My Violent Child .
MI6 boss Alex Younger warns about threat posed by new technology . He said intelligence services were restricted by law unlike terrorists . Comes after former US spy Edward Snowden stole 1.7m documents . The massive leak revealed sensitive intelligence gathering techniques .
Downton Abbey producers are preparing to shoot sixth and final season . Its stars have become so popular they are taking up film and TV in the U.S. Majority of the cast have spent past few months auditioning in Hollywood . Here, Femail takes a look at those who have already gone West .
Toby Alderweireld is currently on loan at Southampton from Atletico Madrid . The Belgium international has impressed with his performances . His form has not gone unnoticed by some of England's top clubs . Alderweireld is a reported target for Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino . Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini is also in the market for defenders . Southampton may face a bidding war to sign him permanently in the summer .
Kellie Maloney seen arriving at Kent Gay Police Association Charity Ball . She wore gold  skirt and high-necked black top for Fabulous Thirties event . Former boxing promoter gave a moving speech at Ukip conference . Audience clapped warmly as her voice started to crack during speech . Praised by Ukip leader Nigel Farage as proof the party is 'open to everyone'
Tara-Michelle Ziniuk, from Toronto, Canada, recalled how the birth of her four-year-old daughter Anna left her with nightmares . One to six percent of women experience postpartum post-traumatic stress disorder, according to Postpartum Support International .
The property was until recently the home of Ron Deffenbaugh Sr. who the waste management business which operated the nearby dump . More than 1.8 million tons of household waste and other garbage continues to be dumped nearby each year . The landfill can't be seen from the mansion, but neighbors say you can definitely smell it in certain weather conditions . Deffenbaugh was a quadriplegic and the mansion was built to ensure that his final years would be as comfortable as possible . It has unusual features including a hookup in every room for the air tubes that Deffenbaugh needed to breathe .
Charlie Willcocks had to deliver his son when his partner went into labour . He says that watching One Born Every Minute meant he knew what to do . The 24-year-old had to act quickly when his baby stopped breathing . He successfully delivered his partner's sixth child with no complications .
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon promises to 'beef up' military presence . MPs say defence capabilities abandoned after Cold War must be rebuilt . Soldiers also need training to respond to nuclear and biological attacks . Defence spending is set to fall below Nato target for the first time next year .
Debbie Merton, 46, from Hastings, hasn't worked in 24 years . She lives in a large council flat and is given £1,100 a month . Stacey Farrand, 28, from Hastings, lives in a one-room bedsit with her son .
Jaime Wild, from Queensland, was diagnosed with motor neuron disease . Her mother, Kate, tried to find a doctor to help her battle the condition . But Kate was scammed out of almost $25,000 by a Canadian doctor . Doctor claimed to have worked in India and disappeared when he was paid . But her family banded together to organise a 'Cinderella Ball' to raise funds . With the help of a stranger and the event, they raised more than $26,000 . They are using the money to send Ms Wild to Israel for surgery to help her .
Ian Ritchie spent six years as chief executive of the All England Club . A trained barrister,  Ritchie managed the installation of the Centre Court roof and two new show courts . Ritchie was then lured across south-west London to Twickenham . He played a key role in brokering the new TV deal for the European Cup . Ritchie is hoping to use this year’s World Cup to galvanise English rugby .
Prime Minister says journalists should not hold any fear of the new metadata laws giving up sources . Tony Abbott said police accessing his metadata when he was a journalist in the 80s and early 90s was never a problem . The Internet and email did not come to be until 1992 - just as Tony Abbott's reporting career was coming to a close . The government's proposed laws focus heavily on the retention of users' computer footprints .
Kyle Dube, 21, found guilty of kidnapping and murdering  Nichole Cable . Dube, of Orono, Maine, staged Cable's kidnapping so he could rescue her . She died of asphyxiation and was found after an eight-day search . Penobscot County Superior Court jury deliberated for less than an hour . Dube, who pleaded not guilty, faces 25 years to life in prison for the murder conviction and up to 30 years for the kidnapping conviction . Victim's father applauded in courtroom after verdict was announced today .
Christopher Plaskon, 17, is charged with murdering 16-year-old Maren Sanchez just hours before their junior prom in Milford in April 2014 . Plaskon's lawyer has revealed that he intends to use an insanity defense for his client who was taking anti-psychotic meds . Richard Meehan has said he intends to pursue a defense of 'mental disease or defect and/or extreme emotional disturbance' Plaskon is due in Milford Superior Court for a pretrial hearing on Tuesday .
Families with a $250,000 budget can get into the overheated Australian property market with a top quality home . Hidden gems are available in the $200,000s including the weekend's most eye-catching property in Brighton . Desperate owners wanting their properties sold quickly mean budget buys do exist . Features of these three and four bedroom homes include private decks, Victorian style spa baths, steeple roofs and split system aircon .
This is according to Paul Piff from University of California, Berkeley . His tests reveal money isolates people psychologically and materially . In a rigged game of monopoly, richer players were rude and dominant . Another study found people in better cars were more likely to break law .
Randall Miller struck a plea deal that will see him serve two years in a county jail and eight years probation and pay a $20,000 fine . Prosecutors agreed to drop charges against his wife and business partner . The charges stem from a February 2014 train crash in rural Georgia on the first day of filming 'Midnight Rider', about musician Gregg Allman . The crew were filming on a bridge even though the owners had denied them permission, saying that trains were scheduled to run through . A train hit and killed Sarah Jones, 27, and hurt six other crew members .
'Human rights' group  sparked outrage claiming ISIS killer was 'beautiful' They have since blamed British security services for his radicalisation . But Boris Johnson today took on the group's leader on radio phone-in . London mayor said groups' approach was '100% the wrong way up'
The 2013 Tour de France winner would welcome 24hr drug testing . Chris Froome has been criticised after winning the 2014 Tour de Romandie while being allowed a therapeutic use exemption . Olympic gold medalist Nicole Cooke believes Froome should have the race and prize money taken off him .
A holiday to Disney can appear out of reach for some families on a budget . There are ways to keep costs down including dining cards, camping options and knowing when is the best time to go . Save hundreds booking tickets, merchandise and food before you go .
Neil McEvoy launched the action against Labour opponent Michael Michael . He distributed leaflet with Mr McEvoy's photo imposed onto Del Boy's face . Plaid Cymru's Mr McEvoy claimed it implied that he was 'not to be trusted' But Cardiff High Court judge labelled it 'the stuff of political disagreement' Mr McEvoy said he 'regrets' suing and said he has 'developed thicker skin'
Dads are advocating to have baby change tablets in male restrooms . They say they have previously been forced to change nappies on the floor . The men also say they have changed their kids in the park or on benches . Earlier this month Ashton Kutcher posted about similar frustrations .
After the buzz from 'Cinderella' and 'Maleficent,' Disney is planning a live-action take on 'Mulan.' Mulan is a female warrior and star of the 1998 animated film. Live action remakes of 'Beauty and the Beast' and 'Dumbo' are already in the works.
Before John was murdered in 1980, his days with Yoko were captured on camera by noted photographer Kishin Shinoyama . John had been obsessed with alcohol, women and drugs, John told the photographer, until Yoko came into into his life . The couple worked tirelessly on Double Fantasy - John's last album . 'Coming to New York gave him freedom. I think this was the moment when he took off his armor,' writes Yoko,  in what proved to be tragic irony .
Acela train #2164 lost power  near Mystic, Connecticut, Thursday evening . 299 commuters stranded without lights or heat for more than three hours . Some used glow sticks to see, while others took to Twitter to complain . Within an hour, another train  to Boston was sent to pick up passengers . But it also lost power when it neared first train because of ice and snow . At 9.30pm, passengers were transferred to relief train on adjacent tracks . They finally arrived at destination - South Station in Boston - at 11.27pm .
Fred Craddock revolutionized art of preaching . Craddock was selected as one of the world's best preachers . He died Friday at 86 in Georgia .
Nathan Ake has made 11 first-team appearances for Chelsea in his career . Dutch Under 21 international joined the Blues in the summer of 2011 . 20-year-old will be ineligible for Reading's FA Cup semi-final vs Arsenal .
Chuck Bednarik died on Saturday, aged 89, following a brief illness . Philadelphia Eagles announced his passing in Richland, Pennsylvania . Bednarik played franchise-record 14 seasons with the Eagles 1949-1962 .
"Iron Man" star Robert Downey Jr. presents a young child with a bionic arm . Alex Pring's mother says her son had been teased about not having an arm .
Sahray Barber vanished on March 9 from San Bernadino, California . A massive search and rescue effort involving dogs and airplanes began . She reappeared on March 19, after spending about ten days in hospitals . Barber, 22, said: 'I had dug a hole so deep, that I felt entirely hopeless'
Steve Parnell allegedly punched an officer in the face on Sunday . He appeared at Gladstone Magistrates Court facing five charges . Magistrate Mark Morrow gave him strict no-alcohol bail conditions . He cannot enter any licensed premises in Queensland . Must commit to a breath test every week .
Hannah Kingsley, 45, brandished a knife at girl, 10, following a fight . She screamed 'Don't ever shout at my child, if you do I will cut your throat' Mother  given a 12-month community order at Teesside Crown Court .
In the first day, over 140,000 people have come to our website TedCruz.org. In the first day we've raised over $1 million,' he said. 'In one day' Cruz told Fox News' Megyn Kelly the ground swell was coming from 'courageous conservatives across this country' The Texas Republican formally announced his entry into the 2016 contest on Monday morning before a crowd of 10,000 at Liberty University . Asked by Kelly 'what do you like best about yourself that makes you think you could hold this job,' Cruz said: 'I love the Constitution'
Melt Room to open in Soho this May and will serve breakfast toasties . The 12-seater cafe will also have signature melts and seasonal specials . Brainchild of self-confessed  grilled cheese fan Andrey Datsenko .
Reading stroll into FA Cup semi-finals with 3-0 victory against Bradford City . Hal Robson-Kanu gives Steve Clarke's side early lead with sixth-minute header . Garath McCleary doubles Reading's advantage just three minutes later . Filipe Morais is shown straight red card for high challenge on Nathaniel Chalobah . Jamie Mackie fires home side into commanding 3-0 lead with second-half strike . Reading face FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal at Wembley .
Luis Suarez admits he had never even dreamed of playing in El Clasico . Suarez was given the opportunity when he made the move from Liverpool . Now the 28-year-old striker is preparing for his first at the Nou Camp . Suarez made his Barcelona debut against Real Madrid earlier this season .
Sir Michael Wilshaw said ‘political and moral courage’ is needed in future . Words came amid row over failure of Oxford and Rotherham social workers . Cases involved mostly Pakistani gangs exploiting hundreds of children . Inquiry last month said Rotherham councillors shied away from the issue .
Heather Goddard left devastated when pet dog Clover got lung cancer . Vet informed her harmful chemicals from tobacco smoke were to blame . It meant her 'extra special', eight-year-old rescue dog had to be put down . Now speaking out to protect more pets from the toxic chemicals in smoke .
Manchester United moved five points clear of Liverpool in the race for a Champions League finish with victory at Anfield on Sunday . Louis van Gaal's side has been criticised for under performing this term . Phil Jones reveals Red Devils were spurred on by public condemnation .
Music streaming service Tidal is the brainchild of rapper Jay Z, 45 . It was branded 'greedy,' 'cynical,' and 'money grabbing' on Twitter . Streaming allows fans to listen to songs without downloading them . Tidal charges a minimum of £9.99 a month for access to its huge library .
Atlanta-based Reverend Creflo Dollar, head of World Changers Church International, is no longer directly asking for money for a private jet . However, the 53-year-old multi-millionaire has kept the donation portal on his website open, so the faithful may still throw money at the cause . Dollar preaches 'that God wants to bless the faithful with earthly riches' and the church has about 30,000 members . Has appealed online for 200,000 people to donate $300 so he can buy Gulfstream G650, worth $65 million and favored by billionaires . Says the plane is essential for him to 'reach a lost and dying world for the Lord Jesus Christ'
Katie, 31, was attacked with acid in 2008 . Used positive thinking to overcome her insecurities and launch stellar career . Teaming up with The Ideal Home Show to launch catwalk with a difference .
The Star Trek legend has defended his decision to miss Leonard Nimoy's funeral on Sunday and attend a Red Cross event in Florida instead . Shatner had led tributes to the late actor, but found himself the target of a abuse over the weekend after revealing he wasn't attending . 'My understanding is mourn the dead but celebrate life. I chose to celebrate life by going to the Red Cross gathering in Palm Beach,' he said on Monday . Nimoy was buried on Sunday morning following a long battle with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
Wasps suffered a 26-17 defeat at the hands of Saracens at the Ricoh Arena . They had surged into an early 17-3 lead but later capitulated . Wasps are currently sixth in the Aviva Premiership table . Director of rugby Dai Young still believes they can make the play-offs .
One victim, Hilary Hayes, was contacted by man called 'Hunter Anderson' Another, Sara Vanwagenen, was in online relationship with 'Hyrum Young' But the Brigham Young University students were talking to same person . Neither of them had met imposter despite regular texts and conversations . The man turned out to be a 24-year-old woman from Texas called Kayla .
Alexandre and Ronaldo Antunes, fraternal twins, celebrated their birthdays with family and staff at Tufts Medical Center on Thursday . Mother, Lindalva Pinheiro da Silva, was 24 weeks pregnant with the twins when she went into labor . Doctors at Tufts delivered premature Alexandre and gave Ronaldo a better chance at survival by keeping him in de Silva's womb longer . Pinheiro da Silva and father Ronaldo Antunes, along with doctors, were happy to celebrate the boys birthdays after 'exceptionally rare' delivery .
Adrian Ernest Bayley, the sex offender who murdered Jill Meagher, has been found guilty of raping three more women . Ms Meagher's father says the system failed his daughter after her killer was mistakenly allowed back on the streets . Bayley, 43, raped an 18-year-old sex worker in his car in St Kilda in 2000 . He also raped another sex worker in April 2012 and a Dutch backpacker three months later . These three rapes were eerily near identical circumstances . Bayley picked up three women in St Kilda and drove to secluded laneway parking with passenger side door against fence, blocking their escape . He is serving a life sentence with a 35-year-minimum for the rape and murder of Ms Meagher in a Brunswick laneway in September 2012 . Bayley has been found guilty of raping 10 women and attempting to rape two more .
William Poole, 52, was killed in Gastonia, North Carolina, on Monday night . He opened fire on police while sitting on a lawnmower outside his house . Earlier that night he called veterans' crisis line and said he was suicidal .
The dog called Cabela was shot twice in the neck and once in the shoulder . Injuries were so severe its front-right leg will be amputated in coming days . Police arrived in Sulphur Springs area after three calls of shots being fired . They are asking for public's help to hunt down culprit and the dog's owner .
A former Korean Air executive is named in lawsuit after interrupting a flight over how nuts were served . Heather Cho is accused of "verbally and physically" attacking flight attendant Do Hee Kim . Korean Air is also named in the lawsuit .
"New Day" Digital Producer Jessica Moskowitz was diagnosed with a brain tumor in September . Moskowitz, then 28, was at work when she began to feel strange symptoms and was rushed to the hospital . After surgery and ongoing rehabilitation, she says, she gained an appreciation for life she'd never had .
The inner city Sydney apartment where Lisa Harnum plunged to her death in July 2011 failed to sell at auction . Simon Gittany was found guilty of murder after throwing his fiancée over the edge of the balcony at his unit\ . The property was expected to fetch more than $2 million at auction on Tuesday night and recieved plenty of interest . The website did not point out that the crime took place in the unit but offered the balcony as a key selling point . However, the contract did point out: 'The vendor discloses a criminal homicide occurred from the balcony of the property in July 2011 when a previous tenant occupied the property'
Pauline Aplin, 54, last got a text from daughter Emma prior to Cyclone Pam . 18-year-old Emma Venier was a former head girl at Norwich High School . She flew out to Vanuatu last month to take part in a volunteering project . Storm has killed at least 24 people and left more than 3,300 homeless .
Kesshia 'KESH' Kumari, a London-born is a Los Angeles-based artist . Believes that Versace has ripped off her design for American Apparel . She created £20 T-shirt for American Apparel . She believes Versace has ripped off her design to use on its £440 T-shirt .
Pensioners will be able to cash in their retirement deals under reforms . Chancellor will allow those who have taken out annuity right to cash it in . Policy, to be introduced in April next year, is an attempt to woo 'grey vote' It is one of the flagship measures in George Osborne's pre-election Budget .
Sam became the first openly gay player to be drafted in the NFL last year . He was picked in the seventh round by the Rams but was later waived . He joined the Cowboys' practice squad before his release in October . He is currently a free agent but is hopeful of playing in the CFL .
PFA Premier League team of the year is voted for by players . Voting currently taking place for this year's XI, which will be the 24th . Sportsmail has revealed the all-time XI based on the most  inclusions . Steven Gerrard leads the way having been selected seven times . READ: Which Premier League club is the biggest? Sportsmail's study finally settles football's great debate .
Arrest warrant issued for LAPD officer on murder charges . Police found an odd clue blocks from a shooting scene -- the officer's abandoned car .
The One Direction eggs which were 99p are are now a bargain 79p . German brand posted the news on their Twitter and Facebook pages . Social media users greeted the news with merriment and glee .
Jennie Bond inhaled cannabis for experiment on Channel 4 documentary . Former BBC royal correspondent said it 'reminded her of her student life' Mother of one, 64, said she didn't like experience but 'didn't hate it' either . Broadcaster Jon Snow and former MP Matthew Parris also involved in trial . Channel 4's Drugs Live: Cannabis on Trial is to be aired tomorrow evening .
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has celebrated 82nd birthday . Veteran justice has amassed a cult-like following online over the years . Fans celebrated her birthday by posting a series of social media memes . Has the nickname 'Notorious R.B.G.' having served on America's highest bench for 21 years . One of her fans has even had a tattoo of the justice drawn on to her arm .
Laser is called Athena and was built by the Maryland-based security firm . During the test, the 30-kilowatt fibre laser burnt through the truck's engine . This disabled the truck from a distance of more than a mile away . Laser uses 'spectral combining' to create a precise, powerful beam . Athena is based on the Area Defense Anti-Munitions laser weapon system . It could one day be installed on military planes, helicopters and ships .
Liverpool host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday . Liverpool are the in-form side and haven't lost in the league this year . United instilled some confidence with 3-0 win over Tottenham . We ask David Tyrer and Sam Peoples questions ahead of the showdown . The two clubs share arguably the biggest rivalry in English football . Liverppol vs United XIs: Gerrard not in Carra's team as Neville picks Angel .
Actress Mariel Hemingway, 53, shopped makeup free at Erewhon natural market in Calabasas . The granddaughter of Nobel Prize novelist Ernest Hemingway says that getting older is 'hard as hell' She played fresh-faced high schooler Tracy in Woody's Allen's romantic comedy Manhattan when she was 18 .
Cook has an estimated $785million fortune, with a net worth of $120million . He has started donating money to unspecified causes quietly and is trying to develop a more 'systematic approach' to philanthropy . Other wealthy businessmen donating part of their fortune to charity include Warren Buffet, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg .
England have fallen down the rankings for a second consecutive month . Romania and Czech Republic now rank above Roy Hodgson's side . European champions Spain have fallen out of the top 10 for first time since 2007 while World Cup winners Germany remain No 1 .
Testimony focuses on carjacking after the Boston Marathon bombings . Dun Meng says one of carjackers admitted to being a bomber and to killing an MIT officer .
Asda claims the elderly are ripped off on varifocal glasses by £144m a year . Lenses usually have a premium price – with opticians charging up to £398 . Supermarket is challenging High Street by offering the lenses from £40 . Specsavers said Asda is ‘confusing the issue’ and it sells them for £69 .
Taylor Swift is thought to be dating DJ Calvin Harris . The pair were spotted together earlier this week at Whole Foods . Taylor has previously dated Harry Styles, John Mayer and Joe Jonas . The singer has regularly spoken out about writing about her exes .
Rohit Sharma scored 137 from 126 balls as India posted a total of 302 . Suresh Raina was second top scorer in the first innings with 65 . India take on Bangladesh in the World Cup quarter-final at the MCG . MS Dhoni's side won all six of their group matches on way to last eight . Bangladesh finished fourth in Group A after sending England packing . Winner of clash in Melbourne will face Australia or Pakistan in semis .
The Federal and Queensland governments released The Reef 2050 Long-Term Sustainability Plan on Saturday . The plan was released in a bid to prevent the World Heritage Site from being listed as 'in danger' The Reef, which covers an area of 348,000 square metres, is the world’s most extensive coral reef ecosystem . Prime Minister Tony Abbott said that Australia is 'utterly committed to the protection of the Great Barrier Reef' The plan includes a ban on dumping dredge spoil and an aim for better water quality .
Sunderland are just one place and one point above the relegation zone . Gus Poyet was appointed as manager in October 2013 . Dick Advocaat has been linked with taking over until the summer . Paolo Di Canio: Don't blame Gus Poyet, Ellis Short is the problem . CLICK HERE for all the latest Sunderland news as Poyet is OUT .
Full-time salaries in the capital have only risen by 6.9% since recession . This means wages in London have risen by just over 1% a year since 2008 . Workers almost everywhere else in Britain have enjoyed better pay rises . Across England  pay has jumped 7.6% - and 13.4% in the North East .
Seoul-based education firm is using attractive female teachers to stand out . The 'Goddess of English' website features profiles of all its young teachers . Have nicknames such as 'business Cinderella' and 'pronunciation goddess' Most of its 5,000 paying members are men in  20s studying for state exams . South Korean citizens spent a massive £3.5billion learning English in 2013 .
International Women's Day doodles stir controversy in China . Baidu and Youku depict women as girls, brides and mothers . Feminist activists held by police over the weekend .
Men drink considerably more than women and at around age 25 peak at around 13 drinks per week . Women drank the most, between 4 and 7 drinks per week in their 40s, but lessened their drinking after around 65 . Frequent drinking became more common during mid to older age, most notably among men, reaching above 50 per cent of men . Heavy drinking poses grave dangers to health and makes people more likely to die from suicides, homicides, liver disease, and some cancers . People in the UK drink more than people in the US and up to 30 per cent of people in the US don't drink compared to 10 per cent in the UK .
Barry Island's Pleasure Park is selling off memorabilia as part of clear out . Attraction featured in hit BBC comedy series Gavin and Stacey . Been an attraction since 1920 and in its heyday had up to 400,000 . Co-owner Ian Rogers describes it as a 'very sad day indeed'
Scientists at the University of Rennes, France, recorded stallions' whinnies . Mares were drawn to deeper whinnies when played back through speakers . Male horses with deeper voices were large, calmer and had higher fertility . Scientists say the findings could help horse breeders pick better stallions .
'Middle-class migration' sees buyers leave Kensington and Chelsea for Clapham and Chiswick . Herne Hill and Kensal Rise becoming new 'nappy valleys', according to research by  Savills . Affluent couples who cannot afford to live where their parents did are heading to Kilburn .
Research was carried out by scientists at the University of Utah . They crushed minerals between diamonds to mimic Earth's core . And they found there must be a new region 930 miles underground . The superviscous region could explain why some plates don't sink . And the findings also indicate Earth's interior is hotter than thought .
Cristiano Ronaldo refused to applaud supporters after the game . Real Madrid star didn't celebrate when team-mate Gareth Bale scored . Ronaldo has been in poor form since winning third Ballon d'Or . Real Madrid won 2-0, with Bale scoring both goals . CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Wisconsin governor once favored plan whereby undocumented people could become US citizens . But admitted in interview on Sunday that 'my view has changed' Change of heart follows Obama's controversial executive action on issue .
Singer announced shock departure from One Direction this week . Insisted he was walking away to be 'a normal 22-year-old boy' Was seen visiting recording studio just 24-hours later . Naughty Boy helped transform careers of Sam Smith and Ed Sheeran .
Rachel Giordano was shopping with her 5-year-old daughter Maddie at Martha's Miniatures in Denison, Texas on Saturday . The mother and daughter were shopping for an Easter outfit when 'tomboy' Maddie gravitated towards a suit instead of a frilly dress . Mrs Giordano says a shop clerk gave her and her daughter a disgusted look and said she should not let her child cross-dress . The store later posted a statement on Facebook (which was later deleted)  saying the incident was an act of 'child abuse'
Aleksandar Kovacic suffered serious injuries in head-on collision in 2010 . He sued other driver's estate and insurers, Aviva, for £900,000 in damages . Claimed he could barely walk and was incapable of returning to work . But Aviva became suspicious and placed him under surveillance in 2013 . Private investigators filmed him driving, walking and carrying heavy items . Judge ruled he 'exaggerated' his disabilities to try and win huge payout . Awarded Mr Kovacic £97,525  but he will now have to pay insurers and fees .
England beat France 55-35 at Twickenham in the Six Nations on Saturday . Stuart Lancaster's side fell short of 26-point win required to win Six Nations . Ben Youngs admits the players were all devastated after coming so close .
Review of six stations found it was failing ethnic minority audiences . Only 34% of black, Asian and minority ethnic tune into any of stations . Problem also faced by BBC television at 74% compared to 86% of all adults . Radio 1 praised for its progress in reaching 23% of BAME aged 15-24 .
Ryan, 10, a boy from Muskogee, Oklahoma, with Baptist parents claims he has been reincarnated and was an actor and agent in a past life . He claimed he was Marty Martin, who was in the Mae West film 'Night After Night' and performed on Broadway, after seeing him in a movie still . Ryan began seeing Dr. Jim Tucker soon after, a highly respected child psychiatrist who works with children who remember past lives . Even Dr. Tucker was amazed by Ryan's story, and found that 55 of his details match perfectly with Martin's life . What's more, Martin is such an obscure actor that there were no articles of pieces about him at all, and it took a film archivist to even learn his name . Ryan also knew the year Martin was born, even though it was listed incorrectly on his public death certificate .
Sheffield are currently groundsharing with Doncaster at Keepmoat stadium . Eagles awaiting work on their new ground to be completed . But Sheffield side will play at Bramall Lane for game against Hull FC .
Italian online fashion retailer Yoox bought Net-a-Porter, its upmarket rival, in an all-share deal for stock valued at about $775 million . The merge will create the world’s biggest online luxury-goods retailer with combined sales of $1.4 billion . 'Today, we open the doors to the world's biggest luxury fashion store....a store without geographical borders,' said NAP founder Natalie Massenet .
Carles Gil has only layed one minute in Aston Villa's last three games . Spanish midfielder was bought for £3.25m by Paul Lambert in January . Villa boss Tim Sherwood says Gil must show he warrants a place in team . Sherwood also adds that he believes club can finish in top half this season .
Kimberly Henderson, 26, from Sunter, South Carolina, filmed herself singing Sam Smith's version of the Whitney Houston track How Will I Know to her one-year-old daughter, Vaida, last December . The clip has since been viewed more than 2.6 million times . It also helped land the full-time nurse an opportunity to record her own track called Tiny Hearts . Since then her phone has apparently been ringing off the hook .
Margaret Challis, 66, was one of four to die in horror car crash on Friday . Recently survived brain tumour and said she had 'everything to live for' Grandmother of 20 was celebrating all clear with a night out at the theatre . She was killed in head on crash with new driver and his two friends . Mrs Challis witnessed the Aberfan disaster which killed her siblings in 1966 .
Obese women have a 40%  higher risk of developing seven cancers . These include bowel, post-menopausal breast, kidney and pancreatic . Researchers said 8.2% of cancers in UK women were caused by being fat . 18,000 women develop cancer as a result of being overweight each year .
Audrey's Fish & Chips in Bridlington, East Yorkshire introducing blue fish . Proprietor James Morrison wants to mark the start of the three-day race . Some customers encouraged the move but others are not convinced .
Stoke City beat Everton 2-0 to move up to eighth in the Premier League . Stoke on course to better their highest ever Premier League finish (9th) Stoke spent just £1.2m on players last summer, less than any other club . Mark Hughes in contention to be named Manager of the Year . CLICK HERE for all the latest Stoke City news .
Atletico Madrid are 1-0 down after the first leg of their last-16 tie . Diego Simeone believes the fans fans can play a big part on Tuesday . Andrea Pirlo ruled out of Juventus' trip to Borussia Dortmund . Filippo Inzaghi's job is not at risk despite AC Milan's slump in form .
Bali prosecutor says Australians will definitely be moved to island for execution . Attorney General says legal appeals will not delay execution process . He says Attorney General has 'for first time' ordered Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran to Nusakambangan . After weeks of delays the Australian pair will leave Bali 'for sure' for their final journey . Gruesome details have emerged about how condemned can opt to be strapped to execution post . Before they leave a Hindu 'blessing' will be held at Kerobokan jail . Chan, 31, and Sukumaran, 34, will be flown from Bali to central Java . Heavily armed police will escort them to Denpasar airport for the flight . After transfer the men will have three days to see family before their midnight execution . The news comes as their is a military build-up in the port to 'death island'
Southern Cross Austereo senior executive Linda Wayman spoke at a Mumbrella Perth conference . She allegedly said that she provides large jars of condoms in the office in an attempt to prevent pregnancies amongst staff members . Ms Wayman also said legislation supporting women's return to workforce after maternity leave is 'idealistic and anti-commercial' She alleged that one third of her offices are affected by maternity leave . SCA CEO says that the comments were not meant to be taken seriously .
Gardell Martin  fell into a stream that runs through his own near Mifflinburg, Pennsylvania, and was swept away by the fast current on March 11 . A neighbor  found the 22-month-old nearly a quarter-mile away, caught up in a tree branch, the water gushing around his body . An ambulance crew arrived moments later, found no pulse and began CPR . Resuscitation would continue, unbroken, for 101 minutes . Gardell's body temperature was 77 degrees, more than 20 degrees below normal . Against all odds, his heart restarted and Gardell regained consciousness .
Man accused of murdering Masa Vukotic claims he punched Tony Abbott . Mr Abbott was the Federal Health Minister when he visited a hospital in 2006 and was reportedly hit in the face by a patient . Sean Price, 31, claims he was the patient who punched the Prime Minister . The revelation came after Mr Price fronted court on Friday . He was charged with murdering the 17-year-old schoolgirl on Tuesday .
Convict Jason Crocker, 36,  shared pictures of prison antics on Facebook . He posted pictures of his home entertainment system and other comforts . Reveling in 'kingpin lifestyle' he put news articles about himself on the wall . Despite being against prison rules Crocker uploaded dozens of pictues .
Millie, 25, has teamed up with Reebok to promote fitness . Says working out isn't about losing weight but about feeling good . Star is getting set to unveil latest drop from her fashion range next week .
An ISIS video claims to show the killing of Mohamed Said Ismail Musallam . The militant group claims the 19-year-old Israeli Arab is an Israeli spy . But Israel's defense minister denies the allegation .
Cold temperatures are to blame for limited supply of freshwater fish . Some Passover hosts may not have any gefilte fish on the table .
Harry Kane scored on his England debut after 79 seconds on Friday . Kane's goal is another landmark in an incredible rise from the striker . He is set to feature in England's friendly against Italy on Tuesday .
Military government has deemed popular underboob selfies  'inappropriate' Threatened to prosecute anybody who posts the images on social media . Strict computer laws ban 'obscene' material that could cause 'public panic' Breaking the 2007 Computer Crimes Act is punishable with five years in jail . But the government did not say how it would identify images of women who take photographs of the lower half of their breasts .
Rustic cans serve as urinals in the award-winning The Sun Inn, Edinburgh . Try not to get lost in Nopi, Soho's dazzling Hall of Mirrors toilets . Trumpets double as lavatorial receptacles at The Bell Inn, Sussex .
American being flown from Africa to Maryland hospital; to arrive Friday . NIH has one of only four U.S. hospital biocontainment units .
Valtteri Bottas sat out the Australian Grand Prix due to a back injury . Malaysian Grand Prix takes places this weekend at Kuala Lumpar . Bottas will have to pass FIA medical tests at the track on Thursday to race .
Joseph Amorese, from Pennsylvania, was recovering from a hernia operation when his father, from New York, sent him a winning scratch card . Amorese, who works for Verizon, and his social worker wife collected a $4.5 million lump sum and said they plan to continue working .
Bergdahl, 28, was captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2009 and released as part of a controversial prisoner swap last May . On Wednesday, the Army charged him with desertion and misbehavior in the face of the enemy and he could get life behind bars if convicted . He then released a statement describing his years in captivity - the first time he has spoken out about his imprisonment . He recalled how he managed to escape on multiple occasions but was always caught and brutally beaten by a rifle and hose . He said he was kept in almost complete darkness, given little to eat and tied to objects - leading to pain and causing his muscles to waste away .
Steve Harmison is now the manager of Northern League outfit Ashington . The former England bowler has led his side to three wins and two losses . Harmison is happy with the transition and doesn't miss playing cricket .
Joss Labadie has until 6pm on Monday March 30 to respond to the charge . Stevenage's Ronnie Henry accused Labadie of biting him on Saturday . Incident took place shortly before the end of their League Two clash . Labadie served a 10-match ban and was fined £2,000 in 2014 for biting .
A police officer discovered 26-year-old Danielle Stager and 38-year-old Shane Johnson as they allegedly had sex in a parked truck on Friday . Stager and Johnson were 180 feet away from a daycare group in a playground, police have said . They are facing lewd or lascivious behavior charges and were released from jail over the weekend .
Police dog was wheeled out to guard of honour as onlookers clapped . At least 17 foreigners were killed in a terror attack at museum in Tunisia . Twenty-two people were killed in the attack: 17 tourists, the two gunmen, a museum security officer, a cleaner, and a police officer . Two gunmen opened fire in the capital's Bardo Museum about midday . Terrorists took another 30 people hostage before police raided . Gunmen, a policeman and police dog were killed in the ensuing shootout .
Mohammad Hossain, 19, was accused of assaulting the woman in February . He 'tied up his victim, whipping and punching her before raping her' Alleged assault took place in his dorm at University of Illinois Chicago . He allegedly told police they were 're-enacting scenes from Fifty Shades' But Judge Peggy Chiampas found no probable cause during a hearing . The alleged victim told the court the encounter started out as consensual but she told him to stop after he tied her up .
Washington Post columnist Jonathan Capehart says new evidence shows Darren Wilson was justified in shooting Michael Brown . However, he says that the new evidence shouldn't detract from the important issues sparked by Brown's death .
Andy Murray will work with Sweden's Jonas Bjorkman for a trial period . The aim is for Bjorkman to travel with Murray during the weeks when his main coach Amelie Mauresmo is unavailable . Murray has been searching for a new No 2 since Dani Vallverdu left .
Peter Scully was arrested in the Philippines for sexual abuse of 11 children . The 51-year-old allegedly ran an international paedophile ring which authorities say the 'horrific' case is the worst they have come across . Videos show a 13-year-old girl forced into to torture and perform sex acts with an 18-month-old baby and a toddler . 60 Minutes' Tara Brown was on the ground when Scully was arrested and interviewed him from while he was behind bars in a jail in the Philippines . 'He is in every sense of the word a predator. His crimes are like none that the Philippine authorities had ever seen before, acts so depraved,' she said . Scully was evasive and vague throughout the 60 Minutes interview .
BBC pundit  accused Newcastle of already thinking of their summer holidays following 3-0 defeat by Everton . John Carver has slammed Phil Neville's comments as 'insulting' Magpies boss wants players to prove their point against Arsenal . CLICK HERE for all the latest Newcastle United news .
Kirste Crompton of Bootle, Liverpool slimmed from a  size 24 to  size 10 . The mother of five, 42, put on weight after suffering post-natal depression . Has now run 1,820 miles, the equivalent of getting to Rome from Scotland . Today runs an average of 35 miles a week and competes in marathons .
France coach Philippe Saint-Andre launched attack on his own players . Saint-Andre was close to tears as France lost 20-13 against Wales . He has described his team as 'the Father Christmas of international rugby' Saint-Andre feels his side are giving away too many points to other teams .
Alicia Blanco-Clements was standing in wrong queue at end of assembly . Jona Davies was trying to get her attention when he called her 'pirate girl' Her older sister Olivia, 11, overheard and told their mother at end of day . Aimee Blanco-Clements and her husband Liam went back to confront him . She said he was 'ignorant and insensitive' and his apology was 'insincere' Headteacher, Sharon Tyler, has apologised 'unreservedly' for comment . Alicia had impairment since she was two and has to wear patch to help it .
Spanish leader was on visit to northern province when he heard of crash . Camera crew recorded him receiving a gravely serious phone call today . He cancelled visit and returned to Madrid for emergency cabinet meeting . Spanish King and Queen have abandoned their three-day trip to France . They looked visibly shaken as they met with President Hollande today .
The RMS Lusitania passenger ship was torpedoed by Germany in 1915 . It was travelling from New York to Liverpool on May 7 when tragedy struck . With even less lifeboats than the Titanic 1,198 passengers and crew died . New book suggests name was not painted out as it should have been . The last photo taken of the ship shows the name was clearly visible .
FCA says customers  tricked into buying products they do not want or need . Estimated that the scam costs consumers more than £108 million a year . They are typically sold alongside travel and car insurance and home cover .
Indonesian company under fire for offensive washing instructions . 'Give this to your woman, it's her job' message of football shirt reads . Salvo Sports forced to apologise after widespread social media backlash . Comes after FFA says it is investigating 'sexist abuse' in Matildas match . British soldiers reportedly shouted 'unacceptable' comments at players .
UFC's undefeated Bantamweight Champion Ronda Rousey insists that mixed martial arts does plenty to empower women . The former Olympic bronze medalist believes the sport is unfairly stigmatized . WATCH: Rousey demonstrates signature 'armbar' move on Jimmy Fallon . Rousey has recently signed a new long-term contract with UFC . CLICK HERE for all the latest UFC news .
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff was surprised by Sebastian Vettel's victory . Wolff admitted that Ferrari deserved to win the Malaysian Grand Prix . Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third . Click here for all the latest Formula One news .
There was trouble before, during and after the 5.30pm kick-off match . The FA have announced it is investigating  the disturbances on Saturday . Aston Villa and West Brom supporters have questioned the kick-off time .
Social media users feel distanced from target of abuse, says psychologist . This is dangerous when combined with vast platform on which to vent rage . Dr Richard Sherry warns it encourages people to be more aggressive .
Lloyd Mondory failed an out of competition drugs test on February 17 . The 32-year-old has been provisionally suspended until matter is resolved . Mondory races for Team Ag2r La Mondiale .
Victim is dragged before bloodthirsty onlookers in the Syrian city of Raqqa . Bearded cleric tells the crowd that he has been found guilty of stealing . Man is pinned down in a chair while a group of jihadis hold him in place . They then use a large meat cleaver to brutally sever his hand from his arm . Another image shows ISIS surgeon tending to the man's gruesome wounds .
Oliver Gobat's body found in the passenger seat of his car in April 2014 . The 38-year-old had been shot twice in the head, and his 4x4 burnt out . Friends and family were shocked at Mr Gobat's violent death at the time . But an inquest heard he had received death threats over £5.4m hotel deal . Family say he was a victim of a 'smear campaign' - but kept threats secret .
Harry Kane scored on his England debut in 4-0 defeat of Lithuania . Tottenham striker is eager for more and could face Italy in Tuesday friendly . With Danny Welbeck out injured, Roy Hodgson will decide if Kane partners Wayne Rooney up front .
Robert Chouest, 31, of Cut Off, Louisiana, was charged in the May 22, 2013, killing of Shawn Galjour, 41, of Larose . After two-and-a-half hours of deliberation, jurors on Saturday were deadlocked 9-3 in a decision on his fate . During his testimony, Chouest said he'd taken about eight Percocet pain pills and smoked about five rocks of crack cocaine . Prosecutors accused Chouest of fabricating the story about the alligator .
Michael Chopra signed for Alloa Athletic on Tuesday . The 31-year-old striker made his debut against Rangers at Ibrox . Chopra's former clubs include Newcastle, Cardiff and Sunderland .
Naked art fans will view the exhibition, 'James Turrell: A Retrospective' at the National Gallery of Australia in Canberra . The 70-year-old artist has put on a nude exhibition before in Japan, and was keen to replicate the experience for his body of work in Australia . NGA's hour-long tours will take place outside regular exhibition hours, as it is illegal to be naked in public . It will be led by experienced nude tour guide Stuart Ringholt, who has previously run tours at the MCA in Sydney and MONA in Tasmania . 'You realise how complex and socially fabricated we are, connected through clothes,' Ringholt said .
David Villa said his last games for Spain would be in the World Cup . Striker is not included in Spain's squad for Friday's Euro 2016 qualifier . Spain face Ukraine on Friday before a friendly in the Netherlands . National coach Vicente del Bosque said the door is still open to Villa .
Labour plan to overhaul school inspections so teachers assess each other . Tristram Hunt said it would free teachers from 'avalanche of bureaucracy' New proposals would result in Ofsted taking a less hands-on approach .
A baby gorilla was born at Melbourne Zoo on Saturday night . The Western Lowland Gorilla's birth is the first in Australia since 2000 . The birth is a result of efforts put in by an international breeding program . The baby's mother is from Taronga Zoo and the father from Kent, England . The baby has not been named and the sex is yet to be determined .
Carlos Tevez struck in the 25th minute as Juventus beat Genoa 1-0 . Tevez also had a penalty saved but took his tally to 24 for the season . Roma beat Cesena 1-0 but Napoli were held 1-1 at home by Atalanta .
Adam Johnson's bail had been extended by five weeks to April 23 . The club banned Johnson pending the outcome of a police investigation . Sunderland confirm they have lifted the player's suspension . Johnson has returned to training and could even play in North East derby .
The Martin Place cafe will open its doors at 10am on Friday . NSW Premier Mike Baird is set to be the first customer . A plaque inside the cafe will commemorate the siege victims . The cafe has been boarded up since the siege three months ago .
Reports says £52m for Bangladesh’s security services used incorrectly . It warns money was instead used to target opponents of the regime . Aid also used to train detectives to analyse call data and track mobiles . Researchers warned skills could 'suppress political opposition group' Government said there is 'no evidence' funding has been misused .
Sir Bradley Wiggins included in Team Sky line-up for Gent-Wevelgem race . Sprint classic set to take place in Belgium on Sunday .
Jonny Evans was handed a six-match ban after clashing with Papiss Cisse . Television cameras seemed to catch the defender spitting at Cisse . But Evans says his parents would have been disgusted if he had done so .
Over 1,000 people were marching for gender equality in New York today . They gathered at the UN headquarters, before marching to Times Square . Among millions across world marking International Women's Day 2015 . City's first lady Chirlane McCray said: 'This march started more than a century ago, but we still have a long way to go before we get to equality'
Russian photographer Nick Larionstev captured a video of mould growing . It shows five different species of fungi forming stomach-churning mounds . As the fungi filaments spread they form stalks with dust-like spores on top . Each sequence took between two and eight days to film using a special rig .
A growing number of Chinese are rediscovering the country's Buddhist traditions . It's not always easy to combine Buddhist beliefs with the demands of modern life . Buddhism has a long history in China but was repressed during the Maoist era .
Pilot error and snow were reasons stated for Buddy Holly plane crash . An aviation enthusiast has new theories for crash that also killed the Big Bopper and Ritchie Valens .
16-year-old - believed to be Lizard Squad member - arrested in Leeds . Gang claim they hacked the Sony PlayStation, Facebook and Instagram . 56 others held for allegedly 'stealing data, fraud and virus development' National Crime Agency working with United States' Department of Defense .
Gordon Strachan has picked David Marshall for all four Euro 2016 qualifiers . He has not let his manager down, but is aware that competition is rising . Craig Gordon and Allan McGregor each played 45 minutes on Wednesday . Both kept clean sheets as Scotland beat Northern Ireland 1-0 on the night .
Nigel Pearson twice orchestrated last-day survival miracles as a manager . In his first job as manager he kept Carlisle in Division Three in 1998-99 . Southampton fought until the final day of the season nine years later . Bottom Leicester haven't won a Premier League game in eight starts .
Nicklas Bendtner has held the nickname of 'Lord' for a number of years . But now, he can legitimately use it after a magazine bought him some land . The former Arsenal striker, now the 'Wolf of Wolfsburg', is aware of the title . He has scored one Bundesliga goal so far this season .
Investment banking firm released report Millenials: Coming of Age . Emoji show troubles finding jobs and delays before starting family life . Generation using 'sharing economy' apps to access expensive items .
Ben Carson said in an interview on Tuesday that he believes being gay is 'absolutely' a choice . He supported this argument by saying, 'a lot of people who go into prison go into prison straight - and when they come out, they’re gay' He also stated that gay marriage should be decided on a state level, this on the same day Alabama's Supreme Court struck down a federal ruling . Carson has long been outspoken when it comes to his opinion on gay marriage, which he compared to bestiality and pedophilia in 2013 . The backlash following these statements was so strong he was forced to withdraw as the commencement speaker at his alma mater Johns Hopkins . Carson launched an exploratory committee to run for president this week, becoming the first high-profile Republican candidate to likely enter the race .
Former NHL player and Arizona Coyotes radio analyst Nick Boynton, 36, 'caused a disturbance at a casino in Buffalo, New York on Wednesday' When officers approached him 'he bit one on the finger' He was taken into custody and has been placed on leave . The dad-of-four was in Buffalo for Thursday's Coyotes and Sabres game .
Brooklyn Decker responded to a tweet from Levi Pettit last year . The model and actress said she doesn't know Pettit or his family - despite tweeting 'love your mom :)' at him . Publicist for the model says she tries to respond to all of her fans who tweet at her .
President Obama calls for renewal of Voting Rights Act . 50 years ago, 600 marchers were attacked as they attempted to march to Montgomery . Political leaders, celebrities and activists commemorate the watershed event .
Lee Bowen burgled a house on New Year's Eve 2013 as the family slept . He stole mobile phones, a laptop and cash cards from Merthyr Tydfil home . Bowen returned to scene of the crime almost a year later to apologise . He appeared at front door and said he was sorry, offering £400 in cash . But the Williams family reported him to police and Bowen was arrested . Judge said he was trying to 'turn his life around' and told him to pay £700 .
Police called to St Pete Beach in Pinellas County amid reports of a fight . Video shows a deputy slamming 25-year-old Josh McMahan in to the sand . His friend Justin Lewis tries to intervene - but is taken down by the officer . Sergeant Bryan Bingham handcuffs McMahan and pins down Lewis, 24 . Men are charged with disorderly conduct and battery on a law enforcement officer .
Teenager  stopped from joining from joining IS after plane held at Heathrow . 15-year-old went to same school as three who fled to Syria last month . They and other girl all attended Bethnal Green Academy in east London . Total of eight from the academy shown to have had interest in extremism .
30-year-old Edwin Ochoa was killed after being impaled by a fence . Ochoa was in a tree 20 feet from the ground when he fell . He had been drinking in the hours before the accident .
India beat Ireland by eight wickets at Seddon Park in Hamilton . Ireland were dismissed for 249 with an over to spare in their innings . Niall O'Brien top scored with 75, William Porterfield hit 67 . Led by openers Shikhar Dhawan (100) and Rohit Sharma (64), India chased down the target for the loss of just two wickets . India confirmed top spot in Pool B and have 100 per cent record .
Aaron Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of Odin Lloyd . Hernandez's fiancee testifies that he asked her to discard a box after she had learned Lloyd was killed . No weapon has been found in Lloyd's slaying .
Two Vietnamese citizens and one Canadian man arrested for huge spam email con .
Scott Walker plays diplomat in big money conversations about Jeb Bush . Marco Rubio courts Mitt Romney and his former staffers . John Kasich gets support from some important N.H. Republicans .
Deepika Padukone has made female empowerment video with Vogue India . Bollywood actress tells women in the clip that they control their destiny . She says a woman's clothes and decision to marry is her choice alone .
Steve Bruce and Gus Poyet were involved in a touchline altercation . The incident happened during Hull City's 1-1 draw with Sunderland . Both men could face potential sanctions from the Football Association . Poyet had sarcastically applauded the decision to book Jack Rodwell . Alex Bruce has played down the row between his father and Poyet .
Crimes by children to Cambridgeshire police include vandalism and arson . Figures show a massive increase in under 10s being reported to officers . Under 10s cannot be arrested or charged with a crime under UK law .
A photo of a green woodpecker flying with a weasel on its back has gone viral on Twitter . The image was snapped by amateur photographer Martin Le-May near London . It sparked the hashtag #weaselpecker and has spawned numerous memes .
Schoolboy named Maxim was filmed climbing a railway bridge in Moscow . He walked to the edge of the a metal railing but appeared to lose balance . The 14-year-old then instinctively grabbed a 30,000 volt electricity cable . He suffered a massive electric shock which caused him to fall on to the railways tracks 100 feet below .
Gary Locke was let go by Hearts last season and is now at Kilmarnock . 39-year-old says it will be odd facing former club in Scottish Premiership .
Nico Rosberg fastest ahead of team Lewis Hamilton in Australia GP practice . Mercedes duo dominated last season winning all but three of 19 races . Giedo van der Garde doesn't race for Sauber despite court ruling . Sebatian Vettel makes good start for new team Ferrari finishing second practice in third .
#thedress was an Internet sensation: Is it blue and black or white and gold? The Salvation Army in South Africa is using it to raise awareness . The reaction has been mostly positive .
The remains of 24-year-old Ashley Jones have been discovered, her mother Cyndi Jones has claimed . Ashley Jones went missing last month and has three daughters . The Floyd County Police Department said that she informed relatives 'something was going to happen to her' Police have said human remains were found Friday in the woods . Authorities have not yet said if they found Ashley Jones' remains .
British Museum tops the pile with 6.7 million visitors in a year . In second spot was the National Gallery with just over 6 million visitors . Brighton only non-London venue to make top ten with 4 million visitors .
Jane Whittington was on a four-month break with partner Steve Cooper . The 58-year-old was enjoying a dip in the sea when she got into difficulty . Her partner battled the rough conditions and tried in vain to save her . The former carer never got to meet her newborn granddaughter Betsy . Her devastated family are planning to return to Goa to scatter her ashes .
Kate Cross is the daughter of former West Ham striker David . Kate's brother Bobby was contracted to Lancashire and her sister Jenny was a Superleague netballer . Also from Bury are the Nevilles, with Gary and Phil former footballers and Tracey a retired netball player who is now the England interim head coach .
Giroud fired Arsenal into the lead in the first half against Monaco . Substitute Ramsey bagged a second as Arsenal dominated . But Monaco goalkeeper Danijel Subasic was in no mood to be beaten again . French side progressed to the next round of the Champions League .
Steven Gerrard was among the stars at the All-Star charity game after party . Also present on the night were ex-Liverpool stars Pepe Reina and Dirk Kuyt . All proceeds from the event will be donated to charities in Liverpool . Gerrard's side drew 2-2 with Jamie Carragher's team at Anfield on Sunday . WATCH: Henry shows fans at Anfield he still has what it takes . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Report describes killings, torture, rape and sexual slavery by ISIS . Calls for perpetrators to be brought before International Criminal Court . Boys over 14 executed while younger ones turned into child soldiers . Women and girls sold into sexual slavery or gifted to ISIS members . 1,700 army cadets shot or beheaded with jihadis kicking heads as footballs . Report based on witness accounts of more than 100 survivors .
American Randy Work slammed by judge at High Court in London . Couple had been together 20 years while he accrued £150m fortune . Work had argued wife Mandy Gray, 45, was only entitled to £5m . 47-year-old claimed she broke a Texan post-nuptial agreement . Judge said offering Gray an unequal award would be unsatisfactory .
Yaya Toure is the latest Manchester City star to name his dream team . Toure decided against including any of his Man City team-mates in his side . The Ivory Coast international did not pick one Premier League player . Toure is in contention to face Barcelona at the Nou Camp on Wednesday . READ: Manuel Pellegrini on Steven Gerrard's slip and Barcelona .
Dean Obeidallah: Twitter blew up over "Saturday Night Live" skit about girl joining ISIS . He says ridiculing and laughing at terrorists undermines them, diminishes their power .
Una Crown found burnt and stabbed but police initially ruled it an accident . Coroner said vital clues had been lost and death was 'clearly homicide' Initial investigation saw PC wash a blood stained key after touching it . Paramedics, fire crews and police also allowed to trample scene with mud . Murder investigation was not started until four days after body was found .
Kate Clayton, 30, from Southampton, moved to the Cayman Islands in  2013 . She was rushed to hospital following horror crash which left her paralysed . Medics then inserted tube into mouth rather than trachea during operation . Mother, who flew from UK to be at bedside, was told by medic 'I messed up' Miss Clayton was flown back to UK after campaign which raised £34,000 . But she later died 'as a direct result of the failed tracheotomy', inquest told .
Sepp Blatter admits he is concerned by racism in Russia . Russia are due to host the 2018 FIFA World Cup . Blatter insists tackling racism in football is one of FIFA's top priorities .
S.F. Express has a fleet of aircraft flying 500 parcels a day to remote areas . Firm looking to double number of drones delivering items between couriers . Goods loaded on drone, address is scanned and aircraft flies to destination . Courier scans parcel on arrival and aircraft returns to base automatically .
Clapper said failure to renew will mean the loss of a vital 'tool' for spies . Director of National Intelligence said opponents of Section 215  need to be prepared to should the blame should another 'untoward incident' occur . Program has not stopped one terror attack since it was established in 2001 . But Clapper claims Section 215 is like having 'fire insurance' for your home .
World's largest and fastest roller coaster to open later this month . Fury 325 can be found at the Carowinds Park in Charlotte, North Carolina . Heart-wrenching POV video offers adrenaline junkies a virtual ride .
Adnan Syed convicted of killing high school girlfriend Hae Min Lee in 1999 . He's been in prison serving life sentence since 2000, but claims innocence . Maryland Court of Special Appeals agreed to hear his case in February . Claims lawyer didn't interview key witness or investigate plea deal chance . Syed's case gained attention after WBEZ Chicago podcast featured it .
National Weather Service issues tornado warning for Tulsa . An unclear number of people are injured . Official: "The conditions my people are working in right now are deplorable at best"
Jeb has otherwise sought to distance himself from the legacies of his father and brother while building the case for his own presidency . But tomorrow he'll capitalize on elder brother George's relationships with the Texas business community at a fundraiser in Dallas . Attendees will pay between $5,000 per person and $100,000 a couple to rub elbows with members of the Bush dynasty . Though George W. Bush left office an unpopular president, his approval ratings have ticked upward in the years since he returned to Texas .
It will now be the first plane of its type in the world to go on public display . City of Canberra plane was retired to aviation museum at Illawarra Airport . The Canberra left Sydney Airport and flew at just 4,000 feet . Plane was only 15 minutes in flight compared to its non-stop record . It was so big that its two outside engines hung over the runway's edge .
Survey found typical pensioner enjoys three 'slap-up' meals out per month . They also plan two weekends away per year and 17 day trips, poll showed . A quarter decide to redecorate their home while one in ten join Facebook . 20% of those polled also said they wished they had retired 'years ago'
Those taking drug for long periods up to 63% more likely to die suddenly . Their risk of a heart attack or a stroke is also up to 68% higher, study warns . British researchers behind study now calling for major review into drug . They say drug may be causing illness by inhibiting enzyme called COX-2 .
The car is on display at this year’s Mobile World Congress in Barcelona . Maserati uses Qualcomm technology to power its sensors and cameras . Lidar provides collision warnings up to 164ft (50 metres) ahead . Ultrasonic and optical sensors on side mirrors spot pedestrians, cyclists, and obstacles in blind spots . Rear-view camera and sensors beam unobstructed view of behind the car . And wing mirrors are replaced with real-time video footage .
Huma Abedin has been Hillary Clinton's closest aide for years and is seen in Washington as the former secretary of state's adopted daughter . MailOnline reported Wednesday that Abedin had a private address on an email server controlled by Clinton but never indexed by the State Dept . Judicial Watch agreed to drop a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit over Abedin's records last year after State said it had handed everything over . Court rules say the suit can be reopened for 'fraud ... misrepresentation or misconduct'; Judicial Watch filed papers on Thursday . State Department 'does not oppose reopening the case,' according to the new legal petition, and there could be at least NINE more like it .
Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev welcomed Arsene Wenger with a framed collection of photographs from his time there . Wenger faces the club he first managed in 1987 on Tuesday night . Arsenal manager will try to use experience gained at Monaco against them . 'For me personally, it’s a very special moment, I was a young coach here and was here for seven years,' Wenger admits .
Kendra Wilkinson, 29, shot to fame on Girls Of The Playboy Mansion . Glamour model married sportsman Hank Baskett and had two children . As a new mother, Kendra struggled with weight gain and 'wear and tear' But she now feels at her most confident about her body ever .
Four-time champion Sebastian Vettel will be doing the chasing this season . New Ferrari driver joined from Red Bull during the off season break . Vettel says the switch to his new team has given him 'a lot of joy' German failed to win a single race last season after years of dominance . CLICK HERE for all the latest Formula One news .
William Jones has been swimming since he was just seven weeks old . The baby has Down's syndrome and also required surgery on his heart . His parents decided to take him swimming to build up muscle strength . William fought off complications following the operation in Southampton . After spending four months in hospital he is well enough to be back home .
Chelsea beat Tottenham 2-0 to win the Capital One Cup on Sunday . The Blues faces West Ham at Upton Park on Wednesday night . Mourinho said celebrations were muted with West Ham on the horizon . But his squad will have Thursday and Friday off to celebrate their success . The Chelsea boss was certain John Terry would extend his Blues contract . He also admitted Kurt Zouma would be returning to his defensive duties . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Aldi will subsidise costs of training camps and equipment for Team GB . Will also fund youth sports schemes with the British Olympic Association . Part of a strategy to make brand a beacon of healthy, quality, British food . Sales are growing at around 19% a year and it's nearly on par with Waitrose . Lord Coe is 'thrilled' with partnership and says support is a huge boost .
OJ's altercation with white supremacist prisoner 'Blu' began after Simpson cut into the line to get his medicines first . 'I'm gonna stay right here and your a** ain't gonna do nothing about it,' OJ told Blu, who wasn't having it . Blu pushed  OJ against the wall in Lovelock Correctional Center, Nevada . OJ was able catch himself before he fell to the floor but he was in a lot of pain because of his bad knee . When he got up he spit in Blu's face and a melee began with guards out in force .
Men claim to be deaf mute brothers working as traffic police in Mosul, Iraq . They demonstrate their job while urging European Muslims to go and fight . Fighters pledge to 'slaughter' Britain, America and their Arabian allies . At the end of the film they are shown firing missiles at Kurdish troops .
Lecturer suing ex-wife over claim she swapped sperm for ex-lover's in IVF . He paid thousands of pounds in child maintenance after they divorced . Academic noticed child looked like wife's ex-lover so had a DNA test . It proved he wasn't the child's father and he now wants £83,500 in damages . High Court case is the first of paternity fraud involving IVF in the UK .
Fans will be able to watch Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson speak . The pair will give teamtalks to their sides before Saturday's match . Premier League have convinced clubs to be part of experiment . Social media tool Periscope will broadcast the clips to fans around world . Clubs have agreed set rules to ensure there is no advantage gained . Could kickstart revolution by taking fans inside the dressing room . CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news . Only the captain will speak with the rest of the players and the manager vowing to stay silent. Each teamtalk will be filmed by one of the two linesmen to ensure there is no bias. Clubs do not have to reveal specific tactics - instead the focus will be getting the team 'pumped up' for the match. Each broadcast will be limited to two minutes and they will take place simultaneously. The referee - standing between the two dressing room entrances - will blow his whistle to signal the start. He will then blow his whistle again at the end of the two-minute period. Both captains have agreed they will not swear during the teamtalk to avoid offending any viewers.
Crystal Palace co-chairman says club are in no rush to sell . American Josh Harris had been in talks to buy the club . Parish wary of committing to new building projects .
Riot broke out 8pm Saturday at Rite of Passage Silver State Academy near Yerington in rural Nevada . School is a court-ordered prison alternative for at-risk youths . Four staff were injured, one taken to hospital . 10 youths escaped but were recaptured . Two structural fires were lit . It is the fourth uprising at the center in four months .
Authorities fear the toll from deadly avalanche will grow higher . Panjshir is a small, mountainous province in Afghanistan .
Party leader was with wife and two children at Queen's Head in Downe . The pub was stormed by a group in fancy dress which included migrants, HIV activists, gay people, disabled people and breastfeeding mothers . They are said to have gone into the Queen's Head, chased the Farages out and then jumped on the Ukip leader's car bonnet as he drove away . He said two youngest children so scared by the protesters they ran away .
Barcelona train ahead of crucial last 16 second leg at the Nou Camp . Spanish side lead City 2-1 after first leg, when Luis Suarez scored twice . Andres Iniesta insists tie is not over and says Barcelona are fully focused .
Tom Brady takes on a frightening dive off the edge of a cliff . The New England Patriots star is enjoying a break during NFL off-season . Brady guided Patriots to Super Bowl victory over Seattle in February .
Michael Hood, 32, from Edinburgh was getaway driver for the armed gang . Three robbers 'terrorised' shoppers in day-light-raid in busy shopping area . Group stole  jewellery, and gem-studded watches worth £580,000 alone . Armed with machetes and axes they ordered staff to lie down during raid . Hood was caught out when his DNA was found in two getaway cars used .
Teenage girl was clubbed to death and set on fire by an angry mob . Incident took place in the popular Muda Lawal vegetable market, Nigeria . Crowd became suspicious after two girls refused to be searched at the gate . They were accused of being suicide bombers and one was killed by crowd . But police described the girl as a victim of 'mob action by an irate crowd' Terrorist group Boko Haram often use young girls to carry out attacks . Last year the terror group kidnapped hundreds of schoolgirls - sparking fears they are being used by Boko Haram to carry out the bombings .
Volunteers have been cleaning a 60-mile stretch of the Tasmanian coast . They gathered 80,000 pieces of rubbish - some as small as a grain of rice . But so far there has been no sign of any debris from doomed flight MH370 . Volunteers say this is impossible if jet crashed in the current search area . Suggests investigators could be looking for the aircraft in the wrong place .
English football's top clubs fear the FA's new regulations governing agents . Clubs fear there will no longer be a level playing field in hunt for talent . Agents are banned from earning money for representing players under 18 . Clubs fear players will move to countries where agents' code is relaxed .
Daryl Janmaat set to play at centre back in place of Fabricio Coloccini . The Dutch international admits he's never played there before . Newcastle face Sunderland on April 5 in game which will test Janmaat . READ: Coloccini set to miss the next three games after appeal was rejected . Click here for all the latest Newcastle United news .
Cunard Line have shared rare archived photos showing life on board over its 175 years of sailing . The British/American-owned line is the only one that currently provides a regular transatlantic crossing . Cunard's ships were the first with email, a library and a gymnasium on board, and even transported war horses .
Kris-Deann Sharpley and seven-year-old son were found dead on Monday . Ms Sharpley was heavily pregnant with second child when killed . 'Everything was fine', says friend who spoke to her hours before murder . Planned to name daughter in honour of her mother, who died years ago . Her father Derek was also found at the Biddeston house, near Brisbane . Detective Inspector David Isherwood said the grandfather had a history of criminal behaviour and mental health issues . The child's cause of death remains unknown as initial pathology results were unclear, but suffocation and strangulation are still being investigated .
The remains of Richard III were laid to rest at Leicester Cathedral . Famous resting places make popular tourist spots all over the UK . Shakespeare fans flock to his grave site at Stratford-upon-Avon . A memorial statue for Pocahontas is visited by tourists at Gravesend .
The incident occurred at Wolstanton High School in Newcastle-under-Lyme . Children aged between 11 to 13 suffered vomiting, dizziness and headache . The Nicorette mouth spray was brought into the class by a 12-year-old girl . She was prescribed it by the NHS anti-smoking staff who visited the school . Experts say anti-addiction product cause 'acute poisoning' in non-smokers .
Per Mertesacker admitted the Champions League is a distant dream . Arsenal beat Monaco 2-0 on Tuesday but were knocked out on away goals . Arsene Wenger pondered whether Arsenal would be better in the UEFA Europa League . READ: Until English clubs learn to keep the ball they are doomed to fail . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Gareth Bale's car was attacked following Real Madrid's El Clasico defeat . Three men have been found guilty and fined £2,200 each . The culprits will also serve six-month bans from 'sports installations' Real Madrid have identified one of the attackers as a club member . The £86million signing's performance against Barcelona was criticised . Carlo Ancelotti, Jese and Sergio Ramos were also targeted by fans . Real Madrid lost 2-1 against Barcelona as they lost ground in title race .
Engineers at the University of Calabria, Italy, created the bright gel . The experts heated and mixed molecules to make the new product . Gel Oil comes in different consistencies and flavours like basil and lemon . It could be used for salad dressings as well as a sandwich spread .
Christine St Michaels, 33, was spotted on CCTV stealing £250 from tills . Tesco cashier was found guilty of theft and ordered to pay £750 in costs . But she was not jailed or ordered to carry out community service . She complained to court saying she suffered  headaches and nosebleeds . Cashier received a nine-month prison sentence, suspended for two years .
Floyd Mayweather's comes up against Manny Pacquiao on May 2 . Rivals have agreed Las Vegas bout will observe the USADA program . Both have agreed to unannounced blood and urine testing . Tests will happen prior to the fight and in competition after the fight .
Kosher supermarket reopens two months after terrorist siege killed four . Amedy Coulibaly stormed Jewish grocery during Paris attacks in January . Sombre scenes as Hyper Cacher store opened its doors again yesterday . Reopening shows 'life will always be stronger than barbarity', officials say .
Sunderland sacked manager Gus Poyet while one point above relegation . Time was called on Poyet after embarrassing 4-0 defeat by Aston Villa . Dick Advocaat was brought in as manager for the rest of the season . Advocaat has vast experience and wants to prove himself in England . Fans should now be confident that their club can stay up . Things are looking up with Sam Allardyce linked as next season's boss .
Andrew Mayer, 27, allegedly 'did donuts' on the Toms River in New Jersey . When his pickup truck eventually fell through ice, he escaped from vehicle . However, he reportedly left two-year-old boxer mix, Rolo, on the backseat . Black-colored pup was discovered dead by divers after witness called 911 . Now, Mayer has been charged with criminal mischief and careless driving . Animal cruelty charges also expected to be dealt pending an SPCA inquiry . Mayer's relatives have claimed suspect tried to save Rolo as vehicle sank . His cousin's fiancée said: 'He  almost killed himself trying to save his dog'
Gordon and Sarah Brown have shared school pictures of themselves . It is part of social media campaign called #UpForSchool by Sarah's charity . Charity has petition asking world leaders give education to every child .
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand on May 2 . Filipino has been training at the Wild Card Boxing Club in Los Angeles . The 36-year-old had previously complained about 'feeling slow' Trainer Freddie Roach insists Pacquiao will be 'performing a public service' by beating Mayweather .
Okoye enters his third year with the 49ers and is set to be tested against better offensive lineman . Head coach Tomsula has only played his project against third and fourth-string offensive lineman late in pre-season games . 'Let's see where we're at,' Tomsula said of the former discus thrower . He also spoke in glowing terms about Jarryd Hayne and seeing the Australian's 'explosive qualities'
Fernando Alonso missed the Australian Grand Prix after a crash . The McLaren driver was hurt in pre-season testing . Alonso will fly to Malaysia for the second race of the season next week .
The skydiver's bridle becomes tangled around his pilot chute . Results in a truly terrifying and dizzying descent to earth . Skydiver hits the ground at around 25mph and is lucky to survive . Taken to hospital with mild concussion and bruising . The incident took place over Perris, California, USA .
Samiye was captured and sold as a sex slave to three men by ISIS fighters . 15-year-old escaped with other female survivors to Khanke refugee camp . ISIS militants consider the Yazidi community to be devil worshippers . Others at camp are searching for family members missing since August . UN report released yesterday describes torture, rape and murder of Yazidis .
A blackback gorilla annoys a silverback by throwing a toy at it . Silverback responds by appearing to  give the ape the middle finger . Responding in playful fury the blackback throws the toy once more . The hilarious incident took place at Tampa's Busch Gardens wildlife park .
Original meanings of place names have been largely forgotten . Robert Macfarlane has resurrected the past with his research into this area . Macfarlane believes the power of language can shape our sense of place .
Ireland will clash with Wales at the Millenium Stadium on Friday . Joe Schmidts side are unbeaten after three rounds of action . Paul O'Connell is set to win his 100th cap against Warren Gatland's side .
London Mayor said 'dangerously addictive' machines prey on vulnerable . He also warned ministers to tackle 'clustering' of betting shops in areas . Campaigners blame 'fixed odds' terminals for a rise in problem gambling . Gamblers can stake £100 per spin in 33,000 betting shops across the UK .
A SpaceX rocket has lifted off from Cape Canaveral in Florida carrying the world's first all-electric satellites . The two spacecraft will reach their desired orbit in August of this year and will maintain itusing ion propulsion . Without chemical fuel their weight was drastically reduced, allowing both to be launched on the same rocket rather than costly separate launches .
Rehana Begum Islam has fled to Syria with son, eight, and daughter, three . She abandoned husband of 14 years and flew from Heathrow to Istanbul . Later fled across border into Syria and has been 'with fanatics for weeks' A neighbour has revealed that his playroom in the family shed was daubed with the word 'jihad' by the child before he was taken by his mother .
Morgan Jensen, from Flagstaff, Arizona, is a model and graphic designer who bears a strong resemble to her idol Taylor Swift . Taylor came across a snap of Morgan, which Morgan's friend Kacey had posted online, and re-blogged it to her own Tumblr page .
Harry Kane scored twice in Tottenham's 2-1 win over QPR . The striker has bagged 26 goals in 41 appearances for Spurs this season . Kane is widely being tipped for a call-up to the England senior team . But the 22-year-old says he is concentrating on his club for now .
Sophia Trow, eight, has taken on Clarks over its 'sexist' shoes range . She was upset after being told Stomp Claw range was for boys only . And she did not want a pair of shoes covered in flowers and butterflies . So she tweeted company saying girls like dinosaurs and fossils as well . Her mother Jane Trow said: 'Not all girls want to be pretty princesses'
John Terry missed his penalty in the 2008 Champions League final . He had the chance to win the cup for Chelsea but they eventually lost out . Terry says he is still haunted at night by memories of the penalty miss . Manchester United came out as European champions after Terry's slip . Terry says his exclusion from 2012 triumph was 'just meant to be'
Bayern play Shakhtar Donetsk in Champions League on Wednesday . The first leg in Lviv ended goalless, with Xabi Alonso sent off . Pep Guardiola has described the second leg as like a 'final' for Bayern . His side are dominating at home and chasing sixth European Cup triumph .
Maria Shriver's father was stricken by Alzheimer's, a growing scourge in U.S. Women are disproportionately affected as sufferers and caregivers, she says . Wipe Out Alzheimer's Challenge is launching to fill in for lagging government funding, she says .
Photographer Trent Parke watched his mother die when he was 13 . Traumatised he locked away memories of his past . Then he embarked on a journey of Australia and took over 7000 photos . Now he has unlocked his past and is showcasing the pictures at the Art Gallery of South Australia .
Sources claim Apple has given developers early access to its Watch . Facebook and BMW among firms being asked to fine-tune their apps . Pens, paper and anything else from the outside world are banned . Rooms are blocked from the web entirely and app source code has to be handed over to Apple on drives that can’t leave the complex . Developers said Apple has advised making apps work for just 10 seconds . Apple is expected to announce more details about the Watch on Monday .
Hoboken police told the man to roll on the ground but he ignored them . The man started screaming as flames spread from his jacket to his skin . Officers pushed him to ground and helped roll him over . Fire was quickly extinguished and he suffered no serious injuries .
Clarke Carlisle pleaded guilty at Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court . Police spotted Carlisle 'swerving' his Mercedes and nearly hitting a lorry . The drink-driving incident occurred on December 20 at about 7am . The former footballer tried to kill himself two days later on December 22 . The 35-year-old jumped in front of a lorry in his failed suicide attempt .
Cecilia Vega will work on Saturday and Tom Llamas will take Sundays . Both have been filling in since previous weekend anchor David Muir took over weekday shows from Diane Sawyer last September . Vega joined ABC in 2011, Llamas has been with network for five months .
Thaiya Spruill-Smith died after 'being violently shaken by stepfather' Youngster's life support had to be switched off at Brooklyn hospital after she was declared brain dead two days later following hemorrhage . David Adams, 25, has had assault and child endangerment charges upgraded to second-degree murder and appeared in court yesterday . Thaiya's father wanted her to be buried with her organs, her mother wanted to donate them to children in need . The organs now cannot be donated because 'there must be agreement among family members'
Former Celtic and Barcelona star manages back in his homeland Sweden . The Helsingborg manager believes young players earn too much . Larsson introduced a salary cap for the club to begin in the 2015 season .
Pradnya Mandhare, 20, left stunned by attack in Mumbai, Maharashtra state . Media studies student was accosted by intoxicated man on station platform . 'Belted' him with her bag and took him to police without aid from witnesses . Drug addict and alcoholic Chavan Chowdee, 25, was arrested over attack . Ms Mandhare held up as example to women for standing up for herself .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring during Sweden's friendly win . The PSG frontman tried two audacious overhead kicks against Iran . Marcus Berg and Ola Toivonen also scored for hosts at the Friends Arena .
Dolphin trainer Jose Luis Barbero was found dead in his vehicle, Spanish police say . Grainy viral video triggered abuse allegations as he prepared to work at the Georgia Aquarium .
Bride's white limo had got stuck at toll booths in China's Henan province . She left to relieve herself, telling driver she would hitch ride with groom . But when she returned, both cars had gone and she was stranded . Named as Zhang Han, 26, she left hundreds of guests waiting .
Chelsea beat Tottenham 2-0 at Wembley to win the Capital One Cup . It marked Jose Mourinho's 21st trophy of his managerial career . He averages a trophy every 35 games across his distinguished career . Mourinho spoke after the cup final win of his need to 'feed' on trophies .
A spokesman for the Qatari labor ministry details recent changes to the law . Each week, the bodies of dozens of migrant workers are repatriated to Nepal . The body of one man, Kishun Das, is returned home as his family mourns .
Gary Cahill has shown mixed form in Chelsea's defence this season . He has been in and out of the side, being replaced by Kurt Zouma . Cahill started in the Capital One Cup final and wants to kick on from there .
Serge Aurier is the subject of UEFA disciplinary action after rant at referee . The PSG defender criticised the officiating in draw with Chelsea last week . Aurier said 'referee, dirty son of a b***h' on a video posted after game . The Ivory Coast international has apologised for the outburst .
Theo Walcott reveals that he's the fastest member of the England squad . Original Ronaldo, digestive's and Game of Thrones are also favourites . The Arsenal winger could start for England against Italy on Tuesday . Click here for all the latest Arsenal news .
The tiny Tasmanian town of Ross is in Tasmania's centre, has 272 residents . However tourists, particularly those from Japan, flock to the town everyday . The Ross Village Inn Bakery has an uncanny resemblance to a setting in a beloved cult anime film, Kiki's Delivery Service . The urban myth claims the film's animators were inspired by the cafe . The main character's bedroom is recreated in the B&B bedroom upstairs .
Apple Watch has range of lifestyle functions including opening car door . Also has software which will avoid need to pay with cash at till points . System is tied to user's bank account and can pay for trains or bus fares . Company hopes it has winner on hands after rival products' sales slumped .
Kai Madison is the eldest child of Ivanka's older brother Donald Trump Jr and his wife Vanessa . The Trump siblings are currently on vacation together with their respective partners and their children .
U.S. institutions dominate the list of world's best universities leaving other countries trailing far behind in terms of numbers . Harvard takes the top spot for the fifth year running . Oxford and Cambridge are the only non-American universities in top ten . The top 20 is rounded out by universities from Japan, Switzerland and Canada joining those from the U.S. and U.K.
Britain's first dedicated hedgehog conservation area launches today . Hopes reserve will help slow the species' dramatic decline in last 20 years . Warwickshire Wildlife Trust project includes 220-acre haven for hedgehogs . Prickly mammals' decline said to be linked to loss of bushes and hedges .
Muhammad Riyaz was part of playful group in city of Mangalore, India . He sat next to five female classmates while a friend lay across their laps . Photo spread on WhatsApp and was noticed by so-called 'moral police' Mr Riyaz, 20, said gang beat him demanding to know where friend was . He said from hospital bed: 'If it was forced, would the girls be smiling?'
Christian bakers being taken to court after refusing to make 'gay cake' Design showed Bert and Ernie puppets with slogan 'support gay marriage' Gareth Lee, who placed order, claims he was discriminated against . But top lawyer has warned that case could set dangerous legal precedent . Said Muslim printers could be forced into reproducing Mohammed images .
Coyote spotters in and around Chappaqua have counted 160 incursions into backyards and streets and at least 10 recent attacks on pets . Chappaqua, about 35 miles north of the city, is known as the home of former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton . Wildlife officials say coyotes have spread into more populated areas across the East Coast, including suburbs . The New Castle Coyote Management Task Force is arguing for more frequent use of 'lethal solutions' against coyotes . However, separate group New Castle Coyote Awareness and Safety Advisory Committee is advocating more tolerance for the animals .
"Power/Rangers" became an Internet craze last week . Its producer and director like to subvert pop culture ideas . The film was a legal football for a time, highlighting creativity and financial issues .
Plane sat at its gate in Bangkok while father rowed with staff, travellers . He said the family wouldn't leave 'if others keep on harassing us' Family eventually disembarked after protests from other passengers . Airline defended its decision, saying it was based on safety grounds . Most airlines allow children under two to sit on a parent's lap .
Martin Skrtel posted a photo of himself and his wife Bara in Monte Carlo . The Liverpool player was also sporting a £260 Givenchy designer t-shirt . The Slovakian was taken off on a stretcher during the first minute in his sides 0-0 draw with Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final . Click here for all the latest Liverpool news .
Wes Brown was sent off for a foul on Falcao when it appeared John O'Shea fouled him but Roger East's decision was understandable at the time . Poyet's side have appealed but nothing is certain with the bizarre rules . Mile Jedinak needs to be punished for his 'mindless assault' on West Ham striker Diafra Sakho during Crystal Palace's 3-1 win at Upton Park . Steve Bruce and Mark Hughes were both unhappy with Neil Swarbrick . Stephen Ireland was left needing a number of stitches after the clash .
Stars travelled to Namibia to shoot for Taylor Morris eyewear range . Photos will be in an exhibition and then auctioned off for charity . Hugo set up sunglasses range with best friend, Charlie Morris .
Family of killed black teenager Michael Brown plan to sue Ferguson and white police officer Darren Wilson, who shot him on August 9, 2014 . Comes a day after Justice Department refused to prosecute over the death . A grand jury also refused to support charges against Wilson last year .
Maryse Dumas, 65, told MailOnline that Instagram photo of her reading Vogue was 'not nice, not polite' Vogue editor-at-large Elisabeth von Thurn und Taxis posted photo of Miss Dumas reading magazine and said 'readers even in unexpected corners' Caused anger online with users branding it 'cruel' and 'tasteless' The German princess deleted the post and has since apologised . Miss Dumas, who has lived on street for as long as she can remember, said that the princess has not said sorry to her .
Video footage shows moment pall-bearers drop corpse on to the road . Seemingly unaware, they carried on with funeral procession in Indonesia . Only when alerted by onlookers did they turn around to retrieve body .
Officer Matt Kenny has involved in two fatal shootings during his career . He earned a commendation after the first in 2007 . His second is under investigation .
Natarsha Belling wore the demure green jacket on Channel 10's news show . An image of her wearing it has now been liked over 110,000 times . Debate is raging on social media about the jacket's neckline . American news anchor Dion Lim tweeted her support for Belling . The fascination appears to stem from the fact it's hard to spot until it's pointed out - and then it can't be 'unseen'
Sydney has been included in Monopoly's 80th anniversary world edition . Fans voted for the cities they wanted to be included in the game . The game has been played by 1 billion people in 114 countries . Sydney has been placed right beside the jail while Lima replaces Mayfair . The game will be available to buy from September .
Richard John Seymour traveled to the Chinese city of Yiwu to photograph Commodity City . In "Yiwu Commodity City," Seymour documents the buyers and sellers that make up the wholesale market . The photos shed light on how the products people own may connect to unfamiliar, distant landscapes .
Scottish Championship side pulled off a coup by signing Michael Chopra . Former Newcastle, Sunderland and Cardiff forward has joined Alloa Athletic until the end of the season . Chopra was most recently playing for India's Kerala Blasters before training with Port Vale .
Tom Carroll secured victory for a much-changed England U21 side . Four players made their debuts in Gareth Southgate's experimental line-up . But it was Tottenham midfielder Carroll that proved the difference . Hosts came close when Watford's Matej Vydra had effort cleared off line .
ISIS jihadis accused the couple of having sex without being married . They were blindfolded and tied up and taken to a square in central Mosul . Charges against the pair were read out in front of a large crowd . Militants then threw rocks at the couple until they died in pools of blood .
Kieran Carroll, of Luton, came forward today following a three-day search . Police previously released CCTV footage of father in their bid to locate him . When he saw his image online he sent a Facebook message to the police . He told them: 'I'm fine, so is my child, go look for some killers' He was arrested today for assaulting a woman on the day he went missing .
