Turkish model Tugba Ozay, 37, is accused of throttling bus driver in luggage row . Driver Halil Kizilyer said she went 'ballistic' after he tried to put her bags in the undercarriage . Ozay, who was the highest paid model in Turkey at the height of her career, is now running for parliament .
Celtic will play three games against Dundee United in the Scottish Cup, League Cup, and Premiership . Deila urged his squad to embrace history and not be daunted by the prospect of matching past clean sweeps of domestic honors . Celtic currently lead Aberdeen by six points in the Premiership .
Nazakat Ali has been jailed for 14 years after stabbing his wife 15 times . The incident happened after Ali's wife said she wanted to take up English lessons . He grabbed a knife and stabbed her during a row, causing her to lose one third of her blood .
The Right to Buy would be extended to up to 2.5million housing-association tenants . The reform is expected to be included in a ‘big doorstep offer’ on housing from the Tories . The party is also considering plans to force councils to sell large, expensive council homes in order to fund higher numbers of cheaper properties.
The pictures were taken inside an abandoned psychiatric hospital where patients were once locked up and given lobotomies . The hospital has been partially devastated by fire, and there are still cages intact that were used to prevent patients from escaping . Lobotomies, which consisted of the removal of parts of the brain, began to be routinely carried out in the 1930s as a supposed treatment for those considered insane .
A driver in China had his car attacked by a stray dog he'd kicked the previous day . The dog returned later with some of its pals and proceeded to exact its revenge by chewing the bodywork and windscreen wipers of the car belonging to his attacker.
Chelsea supporters are planning to display a banner reading "Blues Against Racism" during the second leg of their Champions League encounter with Paris Saint-Germain, in response to an incident in which some Chelsea fans were filmed singing about being racist.
Liverpool Care Pathway is still being used in some hospitals despite having been scrapped, a Commons report will reveal . A cancer charity warns that despite an NHS ban, the controversial end-of-life programme is still in use under ‘a different name’ .
21-year-old Henry Gevorgyan has been booked on suspicion of murder . Police say he was driving a souped-up Ford Mustang that veered out of control and crashed into a crowd on the sidewalk, killing two and injuring one . Gevorgyan is being held on $2 million bail.
Tony Iommi, lead guitarist of Black Sabbath, has written a letter to Indonesian President Joko Widodo to ask for clemency for Australian drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . Foreign Minister Julie Bishop used parliament to directly plead with the Indonesian president to spare the men's lives . The Indonesian ambassador has defended his government in a letter responding to a Senate attempt to save the men .
Dog Tag Bakery helps wounded veterans transition into the workforce . The bakery is run by ex-military personnel, who are also enrolled in a business program . The program is designed to teach veterans the skills they need to be successful .
Roberto Mancini says Manuel Pellegrini is 'lucky' to have inherited the team he left behind . Pellegrini is under fire with City trailing Chelsea by six points in the league and facing elimination in the European Champions League . City faces a daunting task to reach the last eight of the European Champions League -- a competition it has struggled in despite spending $482 million on players since the start of the 2011-12 season.
Lufthansa knew of Lubitz's battle with depression, allowed him to continue training and ultimately put him in the cockpit. Lubitz had a valid medical certificate and had passed all his examinations. Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his pilot's license was issued.
Former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson will release a new book on leadership this autumn, entitled 'Leading'. The book, co-authored with investor and author Sir Michael Moritz, will detail Ferguson's tactics and management techniques from his 38 years in management.
Rachel and Heidi McFarland have adopted a baby girl, London, and are expecting another daughter . The couple lost their adopted son Gabriel last year in a horrific turn of events . Drew Weehler-Smith, 18, received a 50-year prison sentence for murdering the little boy .
35-year-old divorcee enlists family and friends to help her destroy her wedding dress over the course of seven months . Dress is drag through mud, worn for a day of paintball shooting, and set on fire in a bonfire . Operation is a way for her to rid herself of the memories associated with the dress .
Australia's World Cup-winning cricket team could have a fearsome pace attack this summer, with as many as four bowlers who have all logged speeds of 90mph plus. The team is anxious to erase memories of their last Ashes tour, when they were beaten 3-0 in 2013.
Wisconsin lawmakers vote to make their state the 25th to enact 'right-to-work' legislation . The proposed bill would make it a crime punishable by up to nine months in jail to require private-sector workers who aren't in a union to pay dues . The goal is to destroy unions, which tend to vote Democrat, and a right-to-work law would depress wage and create more dangerous workplaces, in turn hurting the economy .
Lawyers for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran say it would be 'unthinkable' and 'shocking' if their clients were put to death . They are appealing their death sentences . The Indonesian Attorney General has confirmed that any pending legal appeals will not delay the execution .
In 2 or 3 sentences, what are the main points one should remember from this news article?  Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood spoke to Sportsmail's Chief Sports Writer Martin Samuel in an exclusive interview this week. Sherwood said he thinks he can be a leader of men, but that you're not born with that attitude. Sherwood also said he thinks other managers are just as emotionally involved as he is.
Tiger was photographed playing with a fawn at the Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve in India . Photographer Souvik Kundu captured the moment when the tigress jumped next to the tiny deer, nuzzled with it, and even carried it gently in its mouth like a cub. The tigress did not prey on the little deer when the chance presented and acted so unnaturally.
Barcelona star Lionel Messi surprised a fan from his hometown of Rosario on social media with a pair of his latest Adidas boots . Messi took to Twitter and Facebook to write a personal message to Brian Rossi, the lucky fan who grew up in the same city as Messi, to surprise him with the boots. Messi has been in exceptional form in recent weeks, helping Barcelona overcome Manchester City in the Champions League with an impressive solo performance before seeing his side defeat rivals Real Madrid in the El Clasico on Sunday.
RSPCA inspector finds two dogs, a lurcher and a Jack Russell, roaming the streets . The lurcher was emaciated, had fur loss, and was covered in fleas . The dogs are now recovering but it may be some time before the lurcher is in a fit enough state to be re-homed .
Chinese reality TV show 'Wonderful Friends' has been criticised for 'cruel' tasks involving animals . Tasks have included a chimpanzee being forced to wear a Superman costume and an elephant getting a pedicure . Animal rights groups argue that the show is exploiting the animals and that many are reacting in ways that show they are stressed .
Francis Tyrrell's son Kevin was 15 when he died in the Hillsborough disaster . Mr Tyrrell told the inquest how he was 'treated like muck' when he went to identify his son . He said an officer told him they hadn't had time to tell people, they'd been too busy .
Prosecutors are considering further charges against former TV weatherman Fred Talbot . Talbot was convicted last month of abusing schoolboys as young as 14 . The new allegations are said to have taken place over a 13-year period between 1968 and 1981 .
Amir Khan was in Las Vegas for a night out at 1 Oak Nightclub . Khan has yet to agree his next opponent after missing out on securing a bout with Mayweather . Khan believes the American will emerge victorious against Pacquiao on May 2 .
Twitch has confirmed that there has been an unauthorized access to some of its user accounts. The company has reset all passwords and stream keys and has disconnected accounts from Twitter and YouTube.
The 'Adelaide Box Ons' Facebook page was taken down after authorities found videos of unsolicited attacks filmed on school grounds and in public places . The page, which garnered over 10,000 likes in five days, was created on March 26 and contained at least eight videos of attacks . Cyber bullying expert Barbara Spears said the page was worrying as it 'is not something any school would condone' .
The former Manchester United star has been ordered to attend Trafford Magistrates Court later this month for a Section 4A Public Order offence . It is then alleged that when the cars stopped at traffic lights an 'angry' Keane, who lives in Bowdon, Cheshire, got out and started acting 'very aggressive'.
Boeing's new QF-16 is a actually a retired US Air force jet converted into a drone . The pilotless plane can be controlled from the ground, and will used for target practice by 'top gun' pilots . Aircraft QF-007 arrived at Tyndall Air Force Base (AFB) in Florida on 11 March, ahead of being pressed into service by the 82nd Aerial Targets Squadron (ATS) .
A mother charged with murdering three of her children in a botched murder-suicide attempt had tried to kill herself twice before, it has been revealed. A report by the Florida Department of Children and Families says an investigator came to the home of Jessica McCarty in Palm Beach, where she admitted taking sleeping pills and muscle relaxers before texting a friend that she was going commit suicide. The children's grandmother told investigators that McCarty, 33, had twice before attempted to kill herself. McCarty was arrested after she called 911 on Friday and told police she'd killed her children. Laci and Philip were found unresponsive in the same room at the home and were pronounced dead that night. The mother strangled the infant and drowned and strangled the daughter, Palm Bay Police Chief Mark Renkens said, according to Florida Today. Police say none of the three children were shot or stabbed, but lacerations were found. Christopher Swist had been on life support at Florida Hospital for Children since Friday but lost his fight for life on Monday. McCarty has been charged with two counts of murder and one count of attempted murder.
A four-year-old girl was found inside a hot school bus after being left there for several hours. The driver claims he couldn't find the child and that he then performed a routine check of the vehicle before leaving. The girl's parents only learnt of her absence upon arriving at the school to collect her. The bus driver alleges a parent of the child physically assaulted him at the depot. Warracknabeal was 'lucky' to be experiencing mild weather on Tuesday unlike the hot day that claimed the life of a 22-month-old child in February.
ISIS has attacked the ancient city of Nimrud in northern Iraq, bulldozing it with military vehicles. They also smashed up 3,000 year-old winged statues that are placed at the gates of the palace of Ashurnasirpal. This attack comes just days after ISIS extremists targeted a museum in Mosul by using power drills and sledgehammers to destroy artefacts.
Taco Bell has launched a new advert for their breakfast menu where they appear to compare competitors McDonalds to a communist dictatorship.  The fast food restaurant launched its new 'biscuit taco' this week in a bid to build on its breakfast business, which started one year ago.  The new advert for Taco Bell's 'biscuit taco' shows a man waking up to be told by his TV that 'Happiness is the same breakfast' and then shows people lining up behind each other while waiting to be given breakfast.
A cyclist was warned by police he could face an assault charge after he saw a driver throw litter out of his car so threw it back through his window . The rider filmed the moment he confronted the motorist, who got out of his vehicle and asked him for a fight in Dumbarton, near Glasgow . After contacting the police the cyclist was warned he could be charged with common assault for instigating the fight .
A young boy is in critical condition after a van hit a power pole in Sydney's west on Thursday evening. The driver, who was arrested after a positive roadside breath test, has been charged with three offences. The boy is understood to be the man's son.
Lindsay Ellingson is a model who has been a Victoria's Secret Angel for 5 years . She has now revealed her top tips for managing stress to online beauty magazine, Byrdie . Her tips include spending time with her dog, Carly, massaging aromatherapy oils into her skin, and drinking herbal tea.
Sterling is prepared to turn down a deal that would pay him £180,000 a week . The 20-year-old forward is in the midst of contract talks with Liverpool . Sterling is concerned about his position at wing-back and believes his best position is in the three forward positions .
The Starbucks 'Race Together' campaign is encouraging workers to write 'Race Together' on cups and strike up conversations about race as they serve customers their coffee.  The company is also preparing a guide with questions to pose, such as: 'How have your racial views evolved from those of your parents?'  Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz has defended the
Olivia-Grace Steele, now two years old, is one of the youngest ovarian cancer sufferers . She first showed symptoms at ten days old but was not diagnosed until she was four months old . Olivia-Grace underwent surgery to remove the tumour and then three rounds of chemotherapy .
Scientists are having success treating cancer with new vaccines . The vaccines involve T-cells, which fight infection, and giving them the ability to recognise a special tag on the surface of cancer cells, called the WT1 protein . The treatments aim to help the immune system seek out and destroy cancer cells by giving T-cells the ability to detect a key marker called WT1.
Nedum Onuoha has been with Queens Park Rangers since 2012 . He has experienced relegation and promotion with the club . Onuoha is confident that they will avoid relegation this season .
Paul Scholes believes English football has declined to such an extent that Barcelona, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich would win the Premier League by 10 to 15 points. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City all exited the Champions League in the last 16, while Everton's defeat to Dynamo Kiev in the Europa League meant a total wipeout of the English sides in Europe.
In the run up to Easter, Gunstones Bakery in Sheffield produces one third of the nation's hot cross buns for M&S - 40 million in total . 30 tonnes of flour and 20 tonnes of fruit will be used by the bakery to produce a quarter of a million buns every day .
April Jones was murdered by lifeguard Mark Bridger in 2012 . Coral, 43, admitted that she will be baking April's favourite chocolate cake . April's violent murder united the country in revulsion and shock in 2012 .
Norway international Martin Odegaard, aged 16 years and 101 days, started for his country in their Group H tie against Croatia on Saturday . Odegaard became the youngest player to start a European Championship qualifier, and previously held the record for the youngest player to come on as a substitute in a Euro qualifier .
More than 800 schools applied for a share of the £25,000 book fund . The fund was donated by best-selling crime author James Patterson . Schools were asked to respond to the statement: Why I can’t live without books . The £10,000 first prize went to Hexthorpe Primary in Doncaster.
Weather this week: high winds, heavy rain, frosty mornings . Warm blast next week; better-than-usual spring forecast . Hottest day of year was Saturday; 63F in Santon Downham, Suffolk . Achnagart in Scottish Highlands had 1.17in of rain yesterday .
Tory peer Karen Brady has ruled out replacing Lord Sugar on the Apprentice – but hinted she could make a run to be London Mayor.  The celebrity businesswoman, who has been made the government's Small Business Ambassador, said she would consider running for London Mayor once West Ham had moved into their new stadium at the Olympic Park.  Asked if she also had ambitions to replace her friend Lord Sugar when he retires from The Apprentice, she replied: 'No… I have no desire to do television, I do it because I like Alan and we have a lot of fun together, and it's a really interesting show.
Marine Le Pen's National Front party was beaten into joint second place in regional elections by Nicolas Sarkozy's conservatives . The far-right party was predicted to make massive gains, but early exit polls put Nicolas Sarkozy's conservatives out in front . It is a huge boost for the 60-year-old former President who - despite facing a string of corruption charges - is convinced he can become head of state again in 2017 .
Article: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique has asked the club to sign Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke to replace Xavi this summer, according to reports in the Spanish press on Saturday. Long-serving midfielder Xavi is set to sign a three-year contract at Qatari side Al Sadd, following in the footsteps of another Spain great Raul. as he prepares to end his 24-year association with the Catalan club. Spanish newspaper Sport claim that Enrique wants to sign Spain international Koke, who has a 60million euro (£44m) release clause in his contract, to help fill the void that will be left by Xavi. Sport report that Luis Enrique wants to sign Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke to replace Xavi this summer . Koke is a key part of the Atletico side and has won 16 international caps for Spain . Barcelona cannot register any new players until next January as part of their of the imposed transfer ban but can still sign players and Koke is top of Enrique's wishlist. Koke, 23, played a key role in Atletico's title-winning campaign last season and has made 16 appearances for the national side and set up the winning goal as Spain beat Ukraine 1-0 on Friday night. The performance of Vicente del Bosque's side is another source of debate on the front pages in Spain after they laboured to victory in the Euro 2016 qualifier. Alvaro Morata scored the goal's only game - his first for Spain - in the
The sperm of a proto-facist Italian soldier and poet has been used to reconstruct his DNA, the first time this technique has been used. Scientists performed the reconstruction, which usually requires the exhumation of remains, by analysing a handkerchief belonging to soldier and poet Gabriele D’Annunzio 100 years ago. It had been given by D’Annunzio to his lover, Countess Olga Levi Brunner, in 1916 with semen residue on it.
Real Madrid are poised to sign Porto right back Danilo for £27million . The 23-year-old is keen on a move to the Bernabeu and has been watched by all the top sides in Europe over the past season . Danilo's contract has 16 months left to run and his representatives met with Madrid officials last week to underline the player's wish to leave.
Jenny Bone, 40, was in a coma in hospital but heard doctors discuss ending her life only for her husband to refuse to switch off her life support machine. Mrs Bone, pictured with her son David and husband John, had said she would want her life support switched off, but Mr Bone refused to give up on her. A year on from her near-death experience Mrs Bone is back at work and also took part in a charity run.
Javier Mascherano and Cristiano Ronaldo got into an altercation during Barcelona's 2-1 win over Real Madrid . Mascherano says Ronaldo 'boiled over a little but it wasn't with bad intent' . Barcelona won the match but Mascherano says their style of play shouldn't go unnoticed .
Boko Haram has been kidnapping women and children from schools in Nigeria to use them as human shields . As many as 500 people were taken from the town of Damasak as troops from Niger and Chad approached a month ago . The troops found the town largely deserted and discovered evidence of a mass grave .
Man left with horrific scars after wife threw boiling water on him . Ken Gregory suffered first and second degree burns to 14% of his body . Teresa Gilbertson is awaiting sentencing after being convicted of grievous bodily harm with intent . Mr Gregory is speaking out to challenge the stigma surrounding men who are victims of abuse .
Scientists are warning of the potential health risks of eating cannabis-infused snacks . They say that it's easy to overdose on food-related cannabis products because the peak blood levels happen 1-3 hours after ingestion . The problem is that marijuana edibles – which often look like candy or cookies and are frequently potent – increase the chances that children will overdose, they say .
Henry Solis, 27, allegedly killed a man during a bar fight in Pomoma last Friday . Solis phoned his father Victor in Lancaster, asking him to help . Victor Solis was interviewed by FBI agents and told them he had driven his son across state lines Friday .
Nathan Matthews and Shauna Hoare have been charged with Becky Watts' murder . The couple appeared emotionless in court yesterday . The two were married in 2013 and Becky was a bridesmaid .
Peter Gerard Scully was charged with horrific child abuse in the Philippines after he allegedly sold his young bride as a prostitute . Scully was under investigation from 2009 by the Australian Securities and Investment Commission but avoided being charged with 117 fraud and deception offences, having departed Victoria . When the 52-year-old returned to Australia, he was accompanied by a Malaysian teenager named Ling, who was believed to be his 'girlfriend' before he turned her into a prostitute, associates claim.
Royal Mail has announced a new 'Nominate a Neighbor' service . The service will allow residents to have their parcels delivered to a specific person in their absence . The price of first and second class stamps has risen by a penny each .
Cheerleaders from Tuskegee University and Albany State University got into a fight during a basketball game . Video footage captured the chaotic scene as the dancers traded punches and screamed at each other . The cheerleaders from both schools were sent back to their campuses and an investigation is underway .
A crowd of men in Kabul, Afghanistan, beat a 27-year-old woman to death after she was accused of burning a copy of the Koran. The mob could be seen stamping on the woman while some stamped on her repeatedly and battered her body with pieces of wood and bricks. The woman's body was then taken to the Kabul river and burned. The woman's parents have told Kabul police that their daughter had suffered with mental illness for many years and that she had not meant to burn Islam's holy book.
Katy Perry has launched an official 'left shark' costume inspired by one of the backing dancers from her Super Bowl halftime show . The costume is available for $129.99 and includes a T-shirt and onesie . The left shark first hit headlines back in February when he appeared alongside Katy during her Super Bowl halftime performance and seemed to lose time with the singer and her music.
Hodgson has announced his squad for England's Euro 2016 qualifier against Lithuania . The most notable inclusion is Tottenham striker Harry Kane . Hodgson was asked about the failure of any Premier League club to reach the Champions League quarter finals this season .
Middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin visited Manny Pacquiao at his training camp . Golovkin is preparing for a May 16 fight against Willie Monroe Jnr, while Pacquiao is preparing for his mega fight with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 . Pacquiao had his first day of sparring on Tuesday in Hollywood.
Paul Lambert slammed the FA Cup as a distraction last January . Since taking over in August 2011, Phil Parkinson has led Bradford City to an average extra 10 games each campaign . The cup pedigree helped Parkinson will promotion via the play-offs in 2013 .
The spread of drug-resistant tuberculosis may result in 75 million deaths by 2050, experts have declared.  It could also cost the global economy a cumulative $16.7 trillion (£15 trillion) - the equivalent of the European Union's annual output.  The comments have come from a UK Parliamentary group which focuses on TB.
HTC has unveiled a full-body virtual reality system called RE Vive . The system uses Kinect-style lasers to track body movements and lets players become fully immersed in game . A developer version of RE Vive will launch in the spring and the consumer model will go on sale later in the year.
A new police inquiry has been launched into Cyril Smith's paedophile past after explosive new revelations emerged. A retired police officer has come forward to say that the MP was protected by a sex-offender sergeant after he was caught at a sex party with two boys. The officer, who was threatened with the Official Secrets Act, said that Smith escaped prosecution at least eight times after orders were made at the highest level to cover up his crimes.
Ziamani was convicted in February of "engaging in conduct in preparation of terrorist acts" and sentenced Friday at the Old Bailey to 22 years in prison. On the morning of his arrest, Ziamani had told his former girlfriend he intended to attack and kill soldiers. He also showed her the long-bladed knife and the hammer in his bag. Police who had searched his home two months previously had found a handwritten letter in which he glorified the murder of Rigby, and stated that "we should do a 9/11, 7/7 and a Woolwich all in one day."
The National Rifle Association has taken aim at former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords . Giffords spoke on Capitol Hill on Wednesday and called for expanded criminal background checks on all commercial firearms sales including at gun shows and internet sales . The NRA isn't in favor of the legislation and tweeted in response: "Gabby Giffords: Everyone Should Have to Pass Background Check My Attacker Passed."
Some benefits of Epsom salts include adding bounce to hair, helping with self-tanning, and first aid.
The only goal left for Manchester United is to qualify for the Champions League . Without Champions League football, next season would be a disaster for United . They face a difficult run-in, with 10 games to define their season .
The main points to remember from this news article are that Linda Eastman McCartney was a talented photographer who captured the essence of the rock and roll music scene in the 1960s, and that she passed away from breast cancer at the age of 56.
Liberty's Isabella Sankey says it's better to let 'some things happen' than to give security services access to personal data . Sankey's claim was condemned as 'unacceptable' by relatives of London terror attack victims . Liberty was at the forefront of the criticisms of the security and intelligence services when the claims from whistle-blower Edward Snowden broke in June 2013 .
LA teacher Thelmo Garcia accused of placing a plastic bag over the head of a 10-year-old female student . Garcia has been with the district since 1999 and fourth grade teacher at Rosewood since 2010 . Garcia pleaded not guilty and was ordered held on $100,000 bail .
The article discusses a TV show about ghost hunting in Australia. The show's cast members say they have captured images of ghosts at various haunted locations around the country.
The 15-year-old has been charged with gang rape of a 6-year-old girl . The attack occurred on Mornington Island, off the coast of northern Queensland . The 15-year-old has been charged under the Youth Justice Act .
The Football League are in talks with Leicester City over Financial Fair Play rules, after their accounts revealed a £20.8million loss. Leicester believe that £13million of the loss was 'allowable' because much of it relates to the club's promotion from the Championship to the Premier League. The club could be fined if it is adjudged to have broken the rules.
The UK is sending more non-lethal aid to Ukraine, worth £850,000 . The equipment includes first aid kits, night vision goggles, helmets, and GPS units . This is in response to a request from Kiev for help with equipment .
Labour leader Ed Miliband has proposed a 'mansion tax' . He is the only party leader who would have to pay the tax on his own property . Miliband's north London home is valued at £2.73million, up by more than £1million since 2010 .
Former England limited-overs coach Ashley Giles believes the team could lose to Afghanistan in their final World Cup game unless they stay focused . Giles cites England's loss to Holland in last year's World Twenty20 as an example of the team playing "dozy cricket" in a game they had already been eliminated from . He warns that Afghanistan's bowlers could pose problems for England's struggling top order .
Two players in post-Tiger Woods era have left Graeme McDowell feeling hopeless: Rory McIlroy and Dustin Johnson . Johnson took a six-month leave of absence, missing the Ryder Cup, amid failed drugs test allegations . Johnson is back and signs point to a better future for the player .
The mystery of the yeti continues as new research rules out one possible explanation . The yeti is a creature that has been reported seen by many people in the Himalayas for centuries . Interest in the yeti peaked in the early 20th century as tourists began making their own trips to the region .
Fern Britton is over worrying about the signs of ageing: 'My bosoms are dropping? Blah, that's life!' She is also over worrying about her wrinkles and is happy with how she looks at 57. The presenter and author has just written her fifth novel and is celebrating her 15th wedding anniversary this year.
Matthaeus Schwarz commissioned 137 watercolour paintings of himself over a 40 year period . The German accountant is believed to have created the world's first fashion book . He bound all his outfit paintings into a volume called the Book Of Clothes .
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is quite a mouthful. Which is why locals refer to this region of lakes, castles, and beaches in the North-east of Germany as MV, or Meck-Pom. The Pom refers to Pomerania, now mostly in Poland. It has a long coastline on the Baltic and is the third largest of Germany's 16 Laender - but the least populated. So you can walk for miles on a sandy strand or drive all day on the autobahn and not see a sausage, except in your lunch.
Lidl is now selling men's underwear, and has enlisted model Dejan Obradovic to be the 'face' of the campaign . The boxer-briefs will be available for a mere £3.99, and the collection is on sale for a fraction of the price women usually pay for lingerie .
Militant union boss Len McCluskey has warned that his activists will break the law if the Tories curb the right to strike after the election . In an extraordinary move, which was condemned by ministers, the Unite general-secretary said he was seeking to change the giant union’s constitution to authorise illegal action . The Conservatives have said they will change the law to require unions to get the support of at least 40 per cent of their members before calling a strike .
Mark Selby beats Mark Joyce 5-3 in China Open despite suffering from neck pain . Judd Trump also advances to second round with 5-3 win over Andrew Higginson . John Higgins and Mark Williams win their matches against Chinese players Yu Delu and Zhao Xintong, respectively.
Entertainment reporter Peter Ford has angered the Twitter community after slamming Chrissie Swan's decision to leave her one-year-old baby at home to appear on a reality show. MIX FM DJ Chrissie, who is currently the favourite to take out the crown on the channel 10 show I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here, has been in the South African jungle for the past six weeks, leaving her three children in Australia with their father Chris Saville. Well-known entertainment whiz Ford has claimed that the 41-year-old radio and television personality is 'chasing fame' by taking part in the show and has expressed his doubts over what it says about today's society.
English football's worst European campaign in more than 20 years ended with a 5-2 humiliation . It was a theme of the season for Everton to provide hope in Europe after poor Champions League results but not this time . Dynamo Kiev were superb but they were assisted by abominable defending .
Donald Trump had a scuba diver retrieve Rory McIlroy's 3-iron from the lake at Doral . Trump presented the club to McIlroy before his final round on Sunday . McIlroy double-bogeyed the final hole, finishing tied for ninth . Johnson finished one ahead of long-time leader JB Holmes and two clear of Bubba Watson .
The Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens has a new exhibit with a life-size replica of the prehistoric Titanoboa snake. The new exhibit also features a 112 pound Burmese python that is on loan to the zoo until September. The Burmese python is well-known in the state of Florida, where it is considered an invasive species.
Richard Glatzer, director of "Still Alice," has died from ALS at 63 . He co-directed the film with his husband Wash Westmoreland . Glatzer was diagnosed with ALS in 2011 and continued to work on the film . The film won Julianne Moore an Academy Award for Best Actress .
Almost half of those cashing in pensions will make an 'irrational decision', FCA warns . Pension guidance service not yet up and running, one month before reforms . Insurance firms say they are being contacted by frustrated customers who can't book appointments .
A baby girl was born to save her six-year-old big brother suffering from terminal leukaemia and doctors have found her to be a perfect donor match.
A 27-year-old man has died while attempting to recreate scenes from the Mad Max films . The man, believed to be a US national, was riding a motorbike which collided with a Mack truck . He was one of a number of Mad Max enthusiasts visiting Silverton, NSW, where the Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior was filmed in 1981 .
Wolfsburg strengthens their hold on second place in the Bundesliga with a 3-0 win over Freiburg . Borussia Monchengladbach moves into third place with a 2-0 win over Hannover .
Brittany Spriggs was sent home from the hospital despite fearing her waters had broken . She was induced, but complications during the birth led to her being placed on life support for three days . Gold Coast University Hospital's chief executive has ordered an independent review into the high mortality rate and other issues after several complaints were made about the birthing unit .
A rugby player sidelined for his abnormally large feet can play again - thanks to a specially delivered pair of size 21 orange boots from Welsh rugby captain Sam Warburton. Carl Griffiths, 22, was forced to sit on the bench for his club side after wearing out his last pair and he could not find replacement footwear. But now, the 6ft 8in forward can return to the fold after being fitted with a pair of custom-made, orange Adidas boots.
Catalans Dragons' Todd Carney is expected to be out of action for three to four weeks with a broken rib . Carney was taken to hospital for X-rays after damaging his ribs during match against Salford .
Jon Hamm recently completed a 30-day stint in rehab for alcohol abuse . The news comes less than two weeks before "Mad Men," which explores the lives of New York advertising executives in the 1960s, begins its final eight-episode run on April 5.
U.S. District Judge Joseph Bataillon has struck down Nebraska's ban on same-sex marriage . The ruling means that same-sex marriage is now legal in fewer than one in four states . The number of states offering same-sex marriages has surged since the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in 2013 that invalidated part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act .
The biggest drawback of online shopping is that you have to spend hours on bargain sites waiting for the best deals to appear.  Ian Burnett from Jeparit Victoria has spent $28,000 over 8 years on CatchOfTheDay and has saved $10,000.  His insider shopping tips include checking the site everyday after 12 for brand new bargain and signing up to their Facebook page to get exclusive deals.
Wang Wenlan is a Chinese photojournalist who has been documenting the country's fast-changing society for the past five decades. One of his most famous series of photographs tracks China's relationship with the bicycle -- once a family's most precious asset but now fast vanishing from the streets. Wang also took photographs of people's reaction to the death of Premier Zhou Enlai in 1976, which were published in the early 1980s.
Lisa Epsom broke her tooth opening her son's juice bottle and discovered she had cancer . The cancer was so advanced that she was just weeks from death . She underwent a 14-hour operation to remove the tumor .
A 12ft long model of the RMS Mauretania is set to sell for £50,000 at auction . The model was made to celebrate the actual ship's launch in 1906 and will be auctioned in May 100 years after Mauretania's ill-fated sister ship Lusitania was sunk . RMS Mauretania was the fastest vessel in the world's oceans for almost a quarter of a century .
The 1998 World Cup final between Brazil and France resulted in a government investigation . The investigation was sparked by Ronaldo's involvement in the match . Ronaldo was taken to hospital and left off the teamsheet before being reinstated .
Middlesbrough are considering signing Blackburn Rovers' striker Jordan Rhodes . Rhodes has scored 16 goals in 38 appearances for Blackburn this season . Middlesbrough will try to strike a loan before Thursday's deadline with the view to a permanent £10 million transfer .
Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson made a surprise appearance in character as Derek Zoolander and Hansel McDonald at Paris Fashion Week . The two are promoting their upcoming film "Zoolander 2" which is set to be released in February 2016.
Firefighters, police, Secret Service and Army explosives team converged on a quiet residential street in Washington DC after a homeowner found a suspicious syrupy substance inside a 40-year-old safe . First responders were called to the home at 3736 Kanawah Street Northwest at around 4pm Monday . According to investigators, the house had recently been sold, and the new owner was in the process of going through its contents when he came across an old safe in the basement .
22-year-old British physiotherapist Lisa Orsi died after suffering extreme altitude sickness during a volcano trek in Indonesia . Ms Orsi was pronounced dead in Singapore this morning, two weeks after trekking on a popular route up a volcano on East Java . Her parents Dennis and Sharon were by her bedside as she slipped away .
Police in Mesa, Arizona, are investigating a string of shootings that left one man dead and five people wounded. The suspect, 41-year-old Ryan Elliot Giroux, has an extensive criminal record and served time in prison. He is currently on probation. Investigators do not know what caused Giroux to allegedly go on a deadly rampage. He faces multiple charges, including murder, armed robbery with a deadly weapon, kidnapping, aggravated assault and burglary.
Sand golf is a version of the game in which the only grass to be seen is artificial, found on a mat carried around by players to serve both as a tee and a surface from which to strike when the ball is on the fairway. The fairways consist entirely of sand and are indicated by marker posts. If the ball lands outside them, it's in the sand golf equivalent of the rough -- stony terrain that the unwary player may soon find is home to a few snakes and a lizard or two. Greens? Well, they're known as "browns," built from clay and topped with a mixture of sand and oil to provide a true putting surface, a formula arrived at through trial and error.
Two drivers were injured when a massive freight train derailed in northern Greece and crumpled into a pile of twisted metal. A 'slight landslide' forced it off the tracks as it passed through the tiny Gefyra settlement en route to Hungary, local website News 247 has reported. 15 of its 30 carriages derailed in the horrific accident which has now blocked the track linking Greece's second largest city Thessaloniki and Belgrade in Serbia 'indefinitely'.
The world's greatest private collection of coins is expected to sell for $220million (£150million) . The collection contains coins from the early years of the American republic, from 1792 to the 1830s . The collection is being sold in a series of auctions in New York beginning in May and continuing into 2017 .
The main points from this article are that Chuck Norris is 75 years old today, and that he is known for being a tough guy.
James Shan is in contention to take over at Notts County as they look to avoid the drop in League One . Notts County took the decision to sack Shaun Derry with the team struggling at the bottom of League One . Former Tottenham coach Ricardo Moniz has emerged as the surprise favourite to succeed Derry as manager .
Portugal manager Fernando Santos wants to clinch Euro 2016 qualification before their final game against Serbia . Cristiano Ronaldo will hope to help Portugal open up a gap on one of their rivals for a place at the finals in France next summer . With a win on Sunday, Portugal could leapfrog Denmark at the top of the group .
Eliza Delacruz was three weeks old when she was kidnapped in Long Beach, California on January 3 . Her body was found in a dumpster near the Mexican border the following day . Police have released sketches of the woman and man they believe are responsible for her kidnapping and death .
Richard Gatiss, 25, of Gateshead, will be sentenced on April 2 for attacking frail, 67-year-old Alan Barnes . Prosecutors say attack was a 'hate crime' and that Gatiss deliberately targeted Barnes out of hostility towards the disabled . The attack on Barnes, who is 4ft 6in and visually-impaired, shocked Britain in January .
13-year-old girl killed while arguing with mother in the middle of the road . They were hit by a car driven by a 21-year-old woman who may have been drunk . The driver did stop and is being investigated.
The Johnstone's Paint Trophy could involve Premier League 'B' teams in future if plans get the go-ahead. Youth squads from the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea could soon be headed for the lower-tier cup.
Singer-songwriter David Crosby hit a jogger with his car Sunday evening in Santa Ynez, California . On Tuesday the highway patrol released two 911 calls from the incident . The jogger, identified as Jose LuQuin Jimenez, was in fair condition Tuesday .
The main points of the article are that Robert Durst is a millionaire real estate scion who was tried for murder in 2003, that the trial upended the life of the judge who presided over it, and that Durst has been charged with first-degree murder in the 2000 killing of his longtime confidante, Susan Berman.
Labour MPs are hatching a secret plot to stop the party from brokering a coalition with Nicola Sturgeon's SNP. A meeting of the entire Parliamentary Labour Party would be convened in order to veto any attempt by Mr Miliband to win Downing Street by brokering a deal with Nicola Sturgeon’s SNP. The possibility of forming an alliance with a party which wants to break up the UK is already alienating many of their core voters on both sides of the border.
Hein Verbruggen is being asked to resign from his position as honorary president of the UCI after an independent report accused him of colluding with Lance Armstrong and other riders to conceal doping offences.  The report said that Verbruggen interfered in doping issues to protect his star riders such as the disgraced former American superstar.  Brian Cookson, the current UCI president will write to Verbruggen personally calling for his resignation.
Pakistan's Cricket World Cup revival continued with a 29-run Duckworth/Lewis win in a close encounter against South Africa in Auckland on Saturday. Pakistan batted first at Eden Park and, after their innings was twice interrupted by rain, they lost their last five wickets for 25 runs to slump to 222 all out with a top score of 56 from Misbah-ul-Haq from their 46 overs. In reply, a score of 77 from 58 balls by AB de Villiers steadied the ship but South Africa failed to meet their victory target as they were bowled out for 202 after Mohammad Irfan, Rahat Ali and Wahab Riaz claimed three wickets apiece.
The British baby who was the youngest victim of the Alps plane crash has been pictured for the first time - being cuddled by his mother who also died in the tragedy.  Little Julian Pracz-Bandres, who was just seven months old, was flying back from Spain with his mother, Marina Bandres, when the disaster unfolded.  A photo released by Ms Bandres's family in Spain today shows the 37-year-old mother smiling with joy as she clutches her young son to her cheek.
The main points to remember from this news article are that four police officers in Fort Lauderdale, Florida were fired or resigned after exchanging racially offensive text messages and a video that portrayed President Barack Obama in a derogatory way.
Crystal Palace destroys QPR 3-0, leaving their Barclays Premier League future severely in doubt. In a first half of utter domination, the home side went three goals ahead with only three shots on target, while QPR failed to muster a single one.  QPR manager Chris Ramsey knew how imperative it was to get something from this game. His players did not respond.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner is expected to fly into Birmingham to discuss a proposed sale of the club. A consortium is in the due diligence stage of their proposed takeover, though the eventual price of the sale will depend on which league Villa are playing in next season. Lerner has been keen to sell Villa for some time, a period that has seen the club go through a difficult period on the pitch.
Nemanaja Matic was part of the Chelsea team which went out against 10-man Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League last 16 on Wednesday. He earned his two-match ban for pushing over Ashley Barnes in fury after the Burnley player executed an excessive shin-high challenge on him. Matic received a red card and didn’t even get the free-kick, Barnes went unpunished. Matic was handed a two-match suspension for pushing Burnley's Barnes at Stamford Bridge. The 28-year-old has missed Chelsea's last two games against Tottenham and West Ham due to suspension.
The new collection, Mum: A Snapshot, is led by Jo Wood and daughter Leah, who appear in the exhibition twice thanks to a 1981 shot of the pair on tour with Ronnie Wood and the Rolling Stones. Capturing the special bond between mother and daughter, the show has been created in homage to the photographer's own late mother, and is free to the public this weekend, at London's White Space gallery.
The main points to remember from this news article are that two of the challengers for the FIFA presidency have backed BBC and Sky's initiative of a live TV debate, but Sepp Blatter is likely to turn it down. Additionally, the FA is planning to send both a men's and women's team to the 2016 Rio Olympics, but this has caused some backlash from other home nations.
Sean Collier was shot in the head while sitting in his police cruiser on April 18, 2013. Nathan Harman, a bicyclist who happened to be passing by, saw Dzhokhar Tsarnaev leaning into Collier's squad car and identified him in court. Tsarnaev does not dispute that he was present when Collier was killed, nor does he deny that he participated in the bombings three days earlier that killed three people and hurt more than 240 others.
Penguin the magpie has become part of the Bloom family, often found snuggling in bed or helping the kids get ready for school . Penguin has her own Instagram account with 3,569 followers . The magpie was found abandoned on the ground when she was only a few weeks old and has settled in quite comfortably.
Florin Ionita, 53, nearly had his penis bitten off by wife's 24-year-old friend when he allegedly tried to persuade her to have sex with him . Ionita was at a picnic at a park in Chisinau, Moldova, with his spouse and a group of friends when wife Maria Ionita, 49, took some of them home, leaving him alone with the 24-year-old woman . When Maria Ionita returned to collect him 30 minutes later, she claimed to have found him clutching his genitals and moaning in pain, telling her: ‘Call an ambulance, it is going to fall off.’
Jenny Clark, 36, from Bournemouth, Dorset, lost eight stone to become a world championship bodybuilder . She was a size 18 when she was pregnant with her son Mason and joined a gym to lose weight . A gym instructor told her she was symmetrical and should consider bodybuilding . In just 18 months, Jenny lost five stone in fat and built up her impressive muscles . She won the International Bodybuilding and Fitness Association (IBFA) British Championships last year and has now gone on to win the World Championships .
Rugby World Cup organisers are urging fans trying to buy tickets to remain patient amid mounting anger about endless delays on the official website. There was huge demand when general sales resumed on Tuesday and by the evening, there were tickets still available for 17 matches in the tournament - being held in this country in September and October. All seats on sale at this stage for the opener, England v Fiji, had been snapped up, but two of Wales’ matches, against Fiji and Uruguay in Cardiff, remained up for grabs.
Walcott needs football if he is to recapture the zip, rediscover his rhythms and regain ground on those who have passed him at club and country.   Walcott reported for international duty desperate to feature but it was heavy going.  England improved as an attacking threat after Michael Carrick's introduction towards the end of the first-half and pulled level as the game became disrupted by substitutions.
David Sisi will rejoin London Irish on a season-long loan from Bath this summer . The 22-year-old back-rower is hoping to get regular first-team rugby with his old club . Sisi joined Bath in the summer of 2013 along with several other London Irish players .
The Public Administration Committee said Sir Jeremy Heywood was 'wrong in law' . This is in regards to Sir Jeremy Heywood clearing taxpayer-funded advisers to take part in political campaigning . The committee said: 'Any direction to a Special Adviser to conduct telephone canvassing was misguided, and that advice that such a direction or such canvassing was permitted under their Code and contract of employment was wrong in law.'
The model has been signed by In The Style to be the face of their new South Beach swimwear range . Jess is most famous for her fleeting TV appearance on the reality show Ex On The Beach . The model has recently been in the headlines for clashing with the rather more established swimwear star Kelly Brook .
Wayne Rooney believes he is the best singer at Manchester United . The England captain was asked about his recent boxing headlines, but brushed them off . He was asked about his favourite English footballer and hero, and said it was Paul Gascoigne .
Joe Hart made 10 saves to deny Lionel Messi and Barcelona . Messi was forced out wide in another one-on-one chance . The players showed mutual respect with a clap of the hands following another on-pitch duel .
David Ospina has joined up with his Colombia team-mates for the international break. The in-form stopper helped the Gunners secure three vital points at Newcastle on Saturday with a series of fine saves as Arsenal prevailed 2-1 at Newcastle. Victory keeps Arsene Wenger’s side hot on the heels of League leaders Chelsea and Manchester City with the international break upon the footballing world.
Scientists say they can accurately estimate biological age by creating a 3D scan of wrinkles and other facial features . Facial features that increase with age include mouth width, nose width and the distance between the mouth and nose . Other signs of aging include drooping eyes and sagging skin .
Kyle Waring is selling 6 pounds of Boston-area snow for $89 . Waring has sold more than 133 orders for snow and is averaging 30 orders per day . Waring got the idea to sell snow after joking with his wife about shipping it to friends in warmer states .
Hulia Boz lost her camera on a trip to Antarctica . The camera was found by another tour group and returned to her after they saw the photo of Ms. Boz and her friends . Ms. Boz is being reunited with her camera after it was found by another tour group .
David Moyes' Real Sociedad side won 3-1 against bottom club Cordoba . Aleksandar Pantic was sent off after just six minutes for Cordoba . Florin Adone gave Cordoba a shock lead in the first-half . Imanol Agierretxe equalised for Sociedad before the interval . Chori Castro was able to make the most of the one-man advantage after the break to give the hosts a 2-1 lead .
A survey of 1000 people across the country by travel search engine KAYAK found that one in four Aussies spend the equivalent of more than half their annual leave researching and planning their trip . The study found that people are frustrated by travel agents' interests, the overload of information online, hidden costs and fluctuating prices . Sydney marketing manager Sam Kelly said that he spent the time researching potential hotels and destinations by looking at various booking sites and reviews, adding that despite enjoying the process, he found it took up a 'ridiculous amount of time' .
Possession of ecstasy is temporarily legal in Ireland as a result of a court ruling . The Irish government is working to pass emergency legislation to overturn the ruling . The legislation will re-instate the status quo and re-control all drugs that were controlled prior to the court ruling.
A six-year-old girl was taken to hospital after drinking from a bottle of milk which her parents said was contaminated with glue. The milk had been bought from an Iceland store in Plymouth the previous day. The youngster was understandably shaken up afterwards and was left with red marks where the substance had been. Fortunately Jessica didn't swallow any of the mystery substance.
The search for Lee has been called off after he went missing while snorkeling with his wife . Lee was an 'inker' for Marvel and DC Comics, working on Avengers and X-Men . Tributes have flooded in from fans, calling him a great talent and positive guy .
UFC president Dana White was forced to hold featherweight champion Jose Aldo and Conor McGregor apart as the pair faced-off ahead of their UFC 189 main event bout. Brazilian star Aldo remained calmed and laughed as his opponent moved around the stage before gesturing that the Irishman is talking too much. The feuding pair will do battle at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on July 11. Aldo has held his title since 2010 when UFC merged with the old World Extreme Cagefighting organisation.
Police in Madrid have arrested two Schalke fans after a scuffle broke out between officers and supporters on the eve of their Champions League second-leg clash with Real Madrid. The German club have over 3,000 fans in the Spanish capital as they looked to overcome a 2-0 defecit from the first leg in Gelsenkirchen.
The trial is about a businessman who claimed an ancient statue was a decoration worth £75,000 when it is really worth £2million . The statue is from the third to first centuries BC and was smuggled out of Libya .
A time capsule was discovered by the new owners of a house in Heaton, Newcastle . The capsule was hidden by the former owner, Ivan Brissenden, 28 years ago . The capsule contained a letter written by Brissenden, a copy of the Mail on Sunday, and the Independent .
Dr Gabrielle McMullin: Female surgeons are only tolerated in Australian hospitals if they are ‘single, childless and pretend to be men’ . More women have claimed sexual harassment is a ‘major issue’ in the medical profession . Dr McMullin said sexism is so rife among male surgeons in Australian hospitals that young women would do best to grin and bear it .
Scott Walker was in Concord, New Hampshire on Saturday, speaking to a crowd of activists . He drew a contrast to top-tier rival Jeb Bush by emphasizing his modest roots and penchant for shopping at Kohl's . Walker also put on a cap with the logo for Gun Owners of New Hampshire and said he opposes any form of gun control.
Ritchie's comments come after England's defeat to France in the Six Nations, where they finished second . Ritchie's comments undermine Stuart Lancaster and the progress he has made with the team . Lancaster is preparing for the World Cup and England put up a good fight against France .
Scientists from King's College London have measured 15,000 penises in 16 countries . The average size for chaps' undercarriage is 5.16 inches . The research has been seized on as having psychological significance .
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his fight with Floyd Mayweather by playing basketball . Reporter Elie Seckbach lost a bet that Pacquiao couldn't make a three-pointer, and had to do 100 push-ups as a result . Pacquiao has a history of making bets with reporters and winning .
The first Obama administration official to address desertion charges filed against U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl said Wednesday night that trading five high-value Taliban leaders for his safe return was 'absolutely' the right thing to do. 'Was it worth it? Absolutely,' said Jen Psaki, the chief spokeswoman at the State Department. 'We have a commitment to our men and women serving overseas – or serving in our military – defending our national security every day, that we're going to do everything we can to bring them home if we can, and that's what we did in this case.'
Xavi Hernandez is considering offers from Al-Sadd and New York City FC . The 34-year-old midfielder has been with Barcelona since he was a boy and has played in 29 La Liga Clasicos . He is the brain of the greatest Barcelona team in history and has won the World Cup with Spain .
The survey found that more than a third of Brits take four or fewer baths a year . Fashion designer Tom Ford has been reported to take up to five baths a day . Gadgets now available to make baths more self-indulgent, including pillows, wine glass holders, and book holders .
BBC boss Alan Yentob earns a salary of £330,000 a year . His job is not a full-time role, and the BBC has struggled to explain what he does as creative director . On Wednesday, Yentob was interviewed on Newsnight and bungled his lines .
Scott Brown was photographed four days before a match slumped in the street . The Celtic captain has now said that he has spoken to the manager and the issue is dealt with . Brown's focus is now on winning games for Celtic and he is determined to bring more success to the club .
A woman lost her chance to win on Wheel of Fortune after she answered the names of Snow White's seven dwarfs incorrectly . The category for the round was 'Characters', and it appeared that the letters in the puzzle were forming the names of Snow White's seven dwarfs . Contestant Jordan correctly named all seven dwarfs: Dopey, Grumpy, Doc, Bashful, Happy, Sneezy and Sleepy .
Karen Rand (now McWatters) was with her friend Krystle Campbell when the bombs went off . They were close to the finish line of the Boston Marathon . McWatters dragged herself over to Campbell, who was lying on the ground . They held hands until Campbell's went limp .
The U.S. government has asked an appeals court to lift a temporary hold on President Barack Obama's executive action to shield millions of illegal immigrants from deportation . Justice Department attorneys filed an emergency motion with the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, to lift a preliminary injunction issued last month by U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen in Brownsville, Texas . The injunction had been issued on the request of a coalition of 26 states that filed a lawsuit to overturn Obama's immigration plan .
Loblaws launches 'No Name Naturally Imperfect' campaign to sell misshapen produce . The produce is up to 30% cheaper than regular groceries . The campaign is an effort to reduce food waste .
1.1 billion teens and young adults are at risk of losing their hearing, according to WHO. 2. Listening to music at what you probably think is a normal level, or hanging out in loud bars, nightclubs and music and sporting events, can permanently damage your hearing. 3. WHO found nearly 50% of those studied listen to unsafe sound levels on personal audio devices and about 40% are exposed to damaging levels of music and noise at entertainment venues. 4. Rapper Plan B and Coldplay lead singer Chris Martin suffer from tinnitus because they didn't protect their hearing.
Japanese scientists have successfully transmitted energy wirelessly in a breakthrough that could pave the way for space-based solar power systems. Mitsubishi researchers used microwaves to deliver 1.8 kilowatts of power - enough to run an electric kettle - through the air with pinpoint accuracy to a receiver 170ft (55 metres) away. While the distance was relatively small, the technology could someday pave the way for mankind to tap the vast amount of solar energy available in space and use it here on Earth.
Wojciech Szczesny filmed himself hitting an impressive mid-air golf drive while on international duty with Poland . He was joined by fellow Poland international, Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski . Szczesny has not played for Arsenal in the Premier League since a disappointing performance in the defeat by Southampton on New Year's Day .
After Jihadi John was named as Mohammed Emwazi, the widow of his first victim called for a bounty to be put on his head . Dragana Haines' husband, David Haines, was killed by Jihadi John in an ISIS propaganda video . The US Senate has approved a $10million reward for information leading to Jihadi John's arrest .
Adam Johnson was arrested on suspicion of having underage sex with a 15-year-old girl after she reportedly boasted about their relationship and her father found out. The schoolgirl at the centre of the claims was named online and Durham Police has issued a reminder that anyone who names the girl will face prosecution.
Police have arrested a man after he was found with a replica gun near the Lindt Cafe in Sydney's Martin Place. The man's backpack and pockets were searched, and witnesses said police were demanding to know where the gun was hidden. A replica firearm was then apparently discovered inside a plastic bag, and the man was taken into custody.
Stoke chairman Peter Coates admits he was not expecting manager Mark Hughes to make the progress he has in such a short time. The former Wales boss took over from Tony Pulis for the 2013/14 season after the Potters decided they needed a change of direction. Hughes guided the club to ninth place, their highest finish since being promoted to the Premier League in 2008, with their biggest points tally of 50. Mark Hughes led Stoke to their highest Premier League points tally last season. Stoke are currently 10th on 42 points. Stoke are currently 10th on 42 points and with eight matches remaining look set to better last season's points haul and Hughes has already been rewarded with a new contract taking him to 2019.
Police are searching a garden four miles from where 16-year-old Becky Watts was last seen . They have been at the property for two days and have removed evidence in bags . It is unclear how the house is linked to Becky, who has been missing for 11 days .
Amazon has been testing delivery drones outdoors, but says the prototype drone has already become obsolete while the company waited more than six months for the Federal Aviation Administration's permission. The company must supply monthly data to the regulators, and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) or below and in 'visual meteorological conditions,' Amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of Amazon Prime Air. The aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds. About 86 percent of Amazon's deliveries are 5 pounds or less, the company said.
The US has the highest rates of chlamydia, gonorrhoea, and syphilis in the world.
Jihadi John dumped two schoolboys on the M1 motorway at gunpoint in revenge for an attack on his brother . Mohammed Emwazi was unmasked as the killer in the infamous ISIS beheading videos last week . He and two bearded associates are said to have abducted two gang members accused of beating up his younger brother, Omar, in 2008.
Kate Morgan went to meet Ian Edwards in prison after her daughter Lona Wyn Jones was killed in a car crash caused by Edwards racing another car. Edwards was sentenced to 3 years and 9 months in jail. Morgan said meeting Edwards allowed her to have a good night's sleep for the first time in 2 years.
Roy Keane urges Manchester United fans to give manager Louis van Gaal up to three years to prove himself . Van Gaal came under criticism for another lacklustre display in the 2-1 FA Cup defeat by Arsenal . Keane was in the studio with former England stars Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer and Ian Wright .
Bob Carter spotted the tree at Chanterlands Avenue Cemetery, Hull, where he spread his best friend's ashes . The photograph shows the tree's trunk jutting outwards to create the bridge of the nose. And definite mounds give the illusion of nostrils .
Robert Montagu, son of the 10th Earl of Sandwich, suffered years of abuse by his father. Speaking at a Literary festival in Oxford, he said 'noteworthy families' often feel entitled to abuse people. In a report for The Times, he said: 'People from noteworthy families do feel a sense of entitlement. 'It is true that people from an entitled background have more opportunities, maybe circumstances have made it more likely that they will abuse.
ISIS militants in northern Syria released 19 Assyrian Christian hostages Sunday . The hostages were among the at least 220 Assyrians captured on February 23 . The reasoning behind the release was not immediately clear.
Pelle Wall, 21, publicly believed his Salt Lake City pediatrician father, John Wall, was guilty of murdering his mother, Uta von Schwedler in 2011. After spending his entire inheritance from his mother on a campaign to convict his father, Pelle wants a confession.
Bookmakers predict a £10million betting avalanche on jockey AP McCoy for his final five Cheltenham Festival rides . McCoy has won the Gold Cup 3 times and is looking to make it 4 with Carlingford Lough . Ned Buntline has been named in McCoy's honour and he is the favourite to win the AP McCoy Grand Annual Chase .
Baby Ariana Sufi learned to say "I love you" at just seven weeks old . Her parents, Ali and Fatima Sufi, say that she has been trying to say it ever since . They say that she is not very good at saying the "I" but that you can always clearly hear the "love you" .
Eidur Gudjohnsen opened the scoring and Birkir Bjarnason netted twice as Iceland romped to a 3-0 victory over Kazakhstan . The Czechs can reclaim first place by beating Latvia later in the day . Iceland now have 12 points from five games while Kazakhstan are rooted to the bottom of the group with one .
In 2 or 3 sentences, what are the main points one should remember from this news article?  Arizona father of quadruplets whose wife died the same day his children were born says he's doing his best thanks to the help from supporters across the globe. The babies were born premature and, in a tragic twist, his wife Erica, 36, passed away just one day after giving birth of hypovolemic shock which is caused by blood loss. Nearly $350,000 raised on a GoFundMe page set up for the family.
Newcastle have announced record profits of £18.7million for last season . Fans are questioning why there is no explanation for the £28.5million of extra costs . Yohan Cabaye was sold to Paris St Germain for around £20million .
Radio DJ Neil Fox was arrested for the third time on suspicion of sexual offences . The 53-year-old is accused of a woman in the 1990s . In September Fox was arrested in relation to four alleged incidents against two women, and then in December for three more offences .
In an interview, former SNP leader Alex Salmond said the SNP would back Labour regardless of any formal deal, but said his party would make 'progressive amendments' to the Budget and other legislation – code for higher taxes and Left-wing policies.  Prime Minister David Cameron seized on the comments in the Commons, describing Labour Leader Ed Miliband as 'Alex Salmond's poodle'.  In an interview with the Spectator magazine – during which he guzzled pink champagne for a second consecutive day – Mr Salmond said his MPs would vote to kick out the Tories whether they secure concessions from Labour or not.
Man sentenced to 25 years for murder of six people, including Brooke Phillips who was pregnant and appeared on HBO reality show 'Cathouse' . Man will testify against others charged in the case as part of plea deal . Investigators allege that one of the murderers, David Allen Tyner, was encouraged by another man to commit the murders .
Gillian Taylforth's boyfriend Dave Fairbairn said police assaulted him during her drink-driving arrest . He said his head 'exploded like an egg' when he was pushed into a police van . He is appealing to the Independent Police Complaints Commission claiming he was assaulted .
Paul Scholes has accused Mesut Ozil of ‘going through the motions’ during his time with the Gunners . But the Arsenal manager has defended his record signing, saying: ‘It’s a wrong statement. He works very hard and he’s a great player. A player like Paul Scholes would have loved to play with Ozil. Mesut has a point to prove and he knows that.' Meanwhile, Wenger has launched a staunch defence of summer signing Danny Welbeck as the forward prepares for his Manchester United return.
Joe Hockey is suing Fairfax Media for defamation over articles that appeared in The Sydney Morning Herald and The Age last year. The articles examined a political fundraising body in Mr Hockey's electorate known as the North Sydney Forum. Mr Hockey claims the articles caused his family great distress and that his father broke down in tears when he read them.
The Kunming City Intermediate People's Court said that Iskandar Ehet, Turgun Tohtunyaz and Hasayn Muhammad were put to death Tuesday. It said they had committed intentional homicide, led a terrorist group and organized the mass knifing, which also wounded 141 people.
The new Cinderella movie is being criticized for the lead character's "unnaturally small" waist. Some people are calling for a boycott of the movie because they feel it sets up unrealistic expectations for young girls.
A multi-million-pound office building just off Trafalgar Square has been taken over by anarchist squatters.  Around 50 people are currently living in the former offices of the Institute of Directors on Pall Mall in central London after moving in on Friday night.
British politicians have been debating the idea of American-style pre-election debates . There was one debate in 2010, but no agreement has been reached on whether or not to have more . Prime Minister David Cameron and Opposition Leader Ed Miliband are at an impasse . Cameron wants one debate involving the leaders of seven parties, while Miliband wants at least one head-to-head debate with Cameron.
Michael Douglas has revealed that his teen son Dylan was the victim of anti-Semitism . The 70-year-old actor found himself forced to confront his son's abuser after the 14-year-old came to him in tears . In an Op-Ed piece in the Los Angeles Times Douglas explained how he told his child: 'Dylan, you just had your first taste of anti-Semitism.'
A 15-year-old western Michigan boy faces a detention hearing in the stabbing of his 13-year-old sister in their Caledonia Township home. Sheriff's deputies found the girl with multiple stab wounds about 1 p.m. Saturday after her 15-year-old brother called 911, the Kent County Sheriff's Department said in a news release. The Grand Rapids Press reported that the girl's 15-year-old brother is due Monday in Kent County Juvenile Court.
Army National Guard soldier and cousin arrested for attempting to join ISIS . The pair had planned for Hasan to use his military training to fight for ISIS . Hasan was arrested at the airport while trying to fly to Cairo, Egypt . Jonas was arrested at his home in Aurora, Illinois .
A man in Dunstable, Bedfordshire, is refusing to take down his Christmas lights despite being branded a 'pikey'. The lights were put up in November and Kevin Franklin says they help calm his autistic son Bradley, 15. Mr Franklin has received a poison pen-letter from someone on his street, calling his family 'pikeys' and the lights 'grotesque', 'tacky' and 'an eyesore'.
Samantha Cameron allegedly received £437,000 windfall from sale of Smythson . The company was bought by a consortium of City figures, including Tory donors . Cameron was appointed shadow education secretary just six days after the sale . Mrs Cameron began working at Smythson as a window dresser in 1996 .
Brazil manager Dunga thinks Hoffenheim midfielder Roberto Firmino could play for any team in the world . Firmino netted the decisive goal as Brazil beat South American rivals Chile at The Emirates stadium on Sunday . Dunga's side their eighth straight win since the World Cup .
The Kilgallons were among hundreds of motorists stranded on I-65 and I-24 . They had been trying to get from northern Kentucky to Florida . By 4 p.m., cars and many tractor-trailers were rolling along . But in some places, the vehicles that still had gas had to maneuver around those that didn't .
Juan Mata is confident that Manchester United will qualify for the Champions League next season . Mata has been named on the substitutes' bench for United's last seven fixtures . United are currently fourth in the Premier League but are just two points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool .
Dave Mackay, a former Manchester United player, died earlier this month at the age of 80 . A funeral was held for Mackay in Edinburgh on Tuesday . Many people attended the funeral, including former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson .
Louis Michael Rau, 46, faces 12 charges including seven counts of distributing sexually explicit matter to a minor . Rau resigned from his position at the Beal City High School in January after complaints from parents about the coach's alleged inappropriate conduct led to an investigation . The search found that Rau sent nude photos to five victims -- all student-athletes -- between 2011 and 2015 .
Xavi and Frank Lampard could be playing their final Champions League match on Wednesday . The two legends have been on the fringes of their respective teams this season . Xavi is the leading all-time appearance maker in the Champions League, with Ronaldo in second .
Lewis Hamilton was involved in a series of curt radio exchanges with his team as Ferrari’s Sebastian Vettel was the surprise winner of the Malaysian Grand Prix . Hamilton’s Mercedes team had threatened to dominate this season but to the great relief of Formula One fans throughout the world — including some patriotic Hamilton supporters — they have been caught up. Hamilton, who finished second to head the championship standings by three points, exchanged words with his obviously jittery engineers on the pit wall. During the race, Hamilton was involved in a number of frustrated exchanges with his engineers . He questioned their choice of tyres and told them not to talk to him while he was cornering.
Wenger has played down his side's chances of winning the Premier League title this season . The Arsenal boss believes Chelsea have too much security at the top and are quite serene . 'We have Manchester City in front of us and behind us, it is tight as well - the only thing we can do is to win our games.
Ike Ugbo scores twice as England beat Romania 2-1 in Burton . Ugbo could have had a hat-trick, but England were rarely in danger of letting the lead slip . Romania were reduced to ten men after 65 minutes when Istvan Kilyen Szabolcs was dismissed for a second yellow card .
A treasure trove of rare silver coins and jewellery from the reign of Alexander the Great has been discovered by cave explorers in northern Israel . The 2,300 year old treasures were found hidden in a narrow niche among pieces of broken pottery within the stalactite filled cave . They were spotted by three members of the Israeli Caving Club who had squeezed through the narrow passages at the entrance of the cave to explore inside .
A Virginia chiropractor has been indicted on suspicion of intentionally shooting dead a family's beloved German Shepherd with a bow and arrow. Court documents claim 47-year-old Howard Van Nostrand killed five-year-old Morgan on October 3 during deer hunting season because he was scared of being cornered by dogs. The LeValley's say texts sent between Van Nostrand and another hunter who was there in the tree stands prove his intent. Van Nostrand has never denied shooting Morgan, but claims it was out of fear because he had been 'cornered by dogs when he was younger and didn’t want to take that chance again.'
This week's Tshwane Open is the sixth and final event co-sanctioned with the Sunshine Tour this year . The tournament has been switched to Pretoria Country Club, which measures 7,063 yards and has had the par-five fourth and 18th holes reduced to par fours, making it a par 70 . Fisher says it will be tough for him at the Tshwane Open this year but that he is looking forward to it .
The Robshaw family took on a brave culinary challenge to eat as a family would have in every decade from the 1950s to the 1990s. Pictured, from left to right, Rosalind, 15, mum Rochelle, Fred, 10, dad Brandon and Miranda, 17, in the 1950s episode . Forty years later, the Robshaws found themselves eating in the Nineties, sampling such delights as homemade pasta. 'Within living memory, the way we eat has been utterly transformed, not once but several times, and is still changing,' remarked Brandon .
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy, and Mathieu Flamini all played in a friendly against Brentford . Wilshere scored the opening goal and created another in a promising return to fitness . All four could be available for the visit of Brendan Rodgers' side this weekend . Danny Welbeck is a doubt after picking up a knee injury during England's win over Lithuania on Friday night .
Three players were sent off in a heated UEFA Youth League match between Manchester City and Roma, with the Italians winning 2-1.
Hillary Clinton's approval rating has dropped 6 points since November . The former secretary of state is now disliked by 44% of Americans . Her popularity has taken a hit since the public became aware that she operated a private email system while serving in President Barack Obama's cabinet .
Some United fans were not satisfied with the team's performance, even though they won the game . The fans booed when the team didn't attack and chanted for more attacking play .  United had a very successful period between 2007 and 2013, winning the title 5 times and making the Champions League final 3 times .
Mayweather posted a photo of himself in a casino as he prepares for the Manny Pacquiao fight . He says the match will be the 'biggest in boxing history' . Mayweather is undefeated and has been posting photos of his training regime .
A coffin measuring almost 8ft long that has been specially made for Britain's former tallest man will be carried by ten pallbearers at his funeral. Christopher Greener, of Bromley in south London, grew to 7ft 6ins tall before surgical intervention stopped him growing. He held the record as the UK's tallest man for four decades.
Denise Huskins has been found safe in Huntington Beach, California, after being reported kidnapped from her home in Vallejo, 420 miles away . Huskins' boyfriend called police Monday afternoon and said she had been abducted that morning . Huskins was located an hour south of Los Angeles at her father's apartment complex .
Tim Sherwood is the new boss of Aston Villa and he wants to use the momentum of his arrival to secure Aston Villa's Premier League status as soon as possible. The former Spurs boss leapt in the air to celebrate Villa's fourth goal in the crushing win at Sunderland.
The main points to remember from this news article are that many people have horror stories about the food served on flights, and that there is a website where people can share their experiences and photos of the food.
Jonny Brownlee wins gold in the World Triathlon Series in Auckland, New Zealand . The Brit was visibly delighted with the win, which he achieved in heavy rain . Brownlee's brother Alistair missed the race because of a minor ankle injury .
Parma have announced their game against Atalanta will go ahead as scheduled after reaching an agreement with a security firm to provide stewards for Sunday's match at the Stadio Ennio Tardini . Parma's last two league matches against Udinese and Genoa have been postponed due to the club's financial crisis, but GOS security firm have agreed to attend the game in order for the fixture to take place . Parma's players have not been paid since July, which has left Lucarelli and Co extremely disillusioned with their situation at the Italian outfit .
Rebecca Darnell hanged herself hours after her sister's wedding in November 2013 . She was still wearing her bridesmaid's dress when her body was found by her partner . Toxicology tests showed she was double the drink driving limit .
Alexis Sanchez is a legend for his conquests in the made with Chile, says Ivan Zamorano . The Chilean forward starred in his country's narrow 1-0 defeat to Brazil at the Emirates on Sunday . Former Chile great Zamorano scored 34 goals in 69 appearances for his country .
Two brothers have pleaded guilty to starving more than one million chickens after some of the animals resulted to cannibalism due to insufficient food. The brothers, who had been in the chicken farming business for 30 years, pleaded guilty to multiple animal cruelty charges at Melbourne Magistrates Court on Wednesday. The company ran into financial difficulty and had trouble making payments for food, the court heard. Costly conditions were set before it was allowed to reopen and when it did the company was in so much debt it couldn't be saved.
The FA is ignoring fans' complaints about switching the loyalty value of attending matches from away games to Wembley . The FA Board claims that hardcore supporters who go to both home and away games are not being disadvantaged . Land Rover, who sponsors the England rugby team, invited rugby celebrities Sir Clive Woodward, Jonny Wilkinson, and Matt Giteau to their launch match between two amateur sides.
Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Yohan Cabaye has recovered from a groin injury . The game is the second leg of the Champions League last 16, with PSG losing the first leg 1-1. PSG will be without Brazilian winger Lucas and right back Serge Aurier for the trip to Stamford Bridge.
Joyce Hardin Garrard found guilty of capital murder after 9-year-old granddaughter ran for three hours as punishment, causing her to collapse and die . The defence claimed Garrard only meant to make the girl pick up sticks as punishment, but jurors rejected that claim . Garrard faces the death penalty or life without parole and will be sentenced on Monday .
1. Ashley Williams was on Arsenal’s radar for ages before signing a new four-year deal at Swansea last summer, but a move to the Emirates fell through supposedly because he wasn’t considered Champions League quality. The 30-year-old has made a nonsense of that verdict since with his performances for Wales. Brilliant in a defiant defensive display when they gained a 0-0 draw away to Group B favourites Belgium in November, the Welsh captain was again outstanding in the 3-0 win in Israel which put Chris Coleman’s side top of the group. While Gareth Bale grabbed the headlines, Williams was superb at the back. He gave the ball away only twice in 90 minutes – and won it back both times.  2. John Terry is clearly a far more decent bloke than the various unsavoury episodes of his past would suggest. At the age of 34 and with a back that needs constant treatment, Chelsea’s captain could have done with a weekend off after playing all but four of Chelsea’s 45 games so far this season. But he gave up his time to play 45 minutes of Steven Gerrard’s All Star charity game supporting various good causes in the Merseyside area. Terry was also first to agree to play when Stiliyan Petrov ran out a sell-out game in Glasgow 18 months ago to raise funds for Leukaemia research.  3. Nathaniel Clyne might have to rein in some of
Mayweather vs Pacquaio was never going anywhere except Las Vegas, promoter says . The $300million fight will be held at the MGM Grand which has hosted Mayweather's last 10 bouts . Pacquiao's promoter was cited as the proponent of alternative venues including Dallas and New York .
Adolf is an eight-week-old Chihuahua puppy who bears a striking resemblance to Nazi German dictator Adolf Hitler. The puppy's owner, Claire Walsh, from Gorseinon, Swansea, has named him after the Fuhrer. Adolf is the cheekiest of the litter of Chihuahua puppies and is full of character.
Oz is an award-winning oriental long haired cat . The cat's black nose markings resemble a map of Australia . Oz was born with black markings on her nose but it was only as she started to get older that she realised the remarkable likeness they had to a map of Australia .
In 2 or 3 sentences, what are the main points one should remember from this news article?  Kaka is a Brazilian soccer player who has played for clubs and country all over the world.  In this article, Kaka talks about his favorite five goals of his career.  Some of the goals Kaka talks about include scoring against arch rivals Argentina, and netting Champions League stunners.
Middlesbrough is confident of beating promotion rivals to the signature of Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes . Rhodes is set to join on loan before the weekend with a £8million permanent deal arranged for the summer . The Riverside club see Rhodes as the addition needed to bolster their claims for a top-flight return .
The leatherback sea turtle, nicknamed Yawkey, was found dangerously ill on a remote beach . Rescuers believe Yawkey may have accidentally eaten plastic having mistaken it for his favourite food jellyfish . Eating plastic could cause a build-up of gas in the digestive tract, making the turtle buoyant and washing it to shore .
Cesar Azpilicueta selected an unorthodox five-a-side team with two goalkeepers, Petr Cech and Thibaut Courtois, and Arsenal's Nacho Monreal as his only defender . Azpilicueta made up for his unorthodox defence by selecting Eden Hazard in midfield and Diego Costa as his striker .
Fraternity at North Carolina State University placed on interim suspension after link to pledge book with rape and lynching jokes . Book with sexist and racially-insensitive comments found by female student at restaurant near campus . School is cracking down on more than 20 other fraternities by temporarily suspending social events that involve alcohol .
So Yeon Ryu carded a closing 69 on the par-73 Blackstone Course to finish on 13 under par, one shot ahead of team-mate Park. The pair were runaway winners of the team competition for the second successive year, finishing 15 shots ahead of Norway's Marianne Skarpnord and Suzann Pettersen. China's Lei Ye, who is just 13 years old, finished in 55th place to win the amateur competition.
The World Cancer Research Fund has found that drinking coffee may reduce the risk of liver cancer, especially in heavy drinkers. The study found that for each cup of coffee consumed a day, there is about a 14 per cent decreased risk of liver cancer. However, the report did not recommend the amount that should be drunk.
Donna Vasyli, 54, was arrested and charged with murder after her husband Phillip Vasyli, 59, was found dead with seven stab wounds in their luxury home in the Bahamas. Mrs. Vasyli has hired the legal services of high profile local lawyers Elliot Lockhart QC and Murrio Ducille.
Paramount is enlisting Akiva Goldsman to help develop ideas for future "Transformers" spinoffs and sequels . This signals that the studio is looking to make its Hasbro toy-inspired franchise into a universe in the same vein as Marvel's "Avengers," Universal's monster universe, and Warner Bros.' DC Comics superhero universe . Bay has directed all four of the Transformers films, which have earned $3.8 billion worldwide .
Jordan Lynch took a surfboard, skiis and camera down to a freshly formed lake after heavy rains on Sunday. The farm had received 60mm of rain, causing the creek to overflow, a highly infrequent occurrence. Mr Lynch said skurfing typically involves the rider being towed by a quad bike, but he had some trouble roping his friends in for the dangerous pursuit, and he was left to ask his neighbours to tow him on a four wheel drive.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone believes his side are having a 'great season' despite sitting fourth . The defending champions sit seven points behind leaders Barcelona and are also 1-0 to Bayer Leverkusen after the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie. But despite recent setbacks Simeone is refusing to write-off his side's chances of recreating their success of last season.
Twitter has begun to crack down on ISIS supporters, suspending thousands of accounts. However, many users do create new accounts. The result is that suspensions are outpacing the number of new accounts successfully created.
Teacher referred to special needs pupils as 'road kill' and a 'freak show' . Headteacher also made racist comments about an Asian job applicant . Staff at the school were 'terrified' of Miss Gretton .
Three men have been jailed for smuggling cocaine into the UK hidden in plastic bananas . The drugs were worth £25million and could have been Flooded the country with the illegal deadly drug . The 'treasure map' detailing where the drugs were hidden was sent from a Brixton cafe .
Manchester United's under-fire squad put their troubled season behind them as they enjoyed a day out at Cheltenham . The squad was in good spirits as they watched the action unfold from the grandstand . United's defeat to Arsenal in the FA Cup on Monday night ensured Louis van Gaal's side will end the campaign without a trophy .
Japanese scientists have disabled the production of the powerful substance that an onion releases as the knife slices into it . As a result, the pungent fumes that bring tears to the eyes are cut down . The burning sensation of a raw onion was also reduced in tests .
Peace and Co looks a solid bet to land the JCB Triumph Hurdle . Nicky Henderson also has Top Notch and the classy Hargam running in the opener . Le Mercurey is another French import who arrived on these shores with a big reputation .
Nine-man Cardiff survived a late Brentford onslaught to dent the home side's promotion charge with a smash-and-grab 2-1 win. All the goals came from goalkeeping blunders in a game which ended with Kadeem Harris and Federico Macheda both seeing red for Cardiff. Andre Gray gave the home side a first-half lead, but goals from Macheda and Alex Revell turned things round for Cardiff.
This stylish granny was spotted driving through the streets on her modified mobility scooter. The woman, who was wearing a purple head scarf and cream coat, appeared to have given her scooter a makeover - complete with eye-catching bright white bodywork.
Ayatollah Khamenei accused six world powers of "deception, trickery and backstabbing" . He criticized a letter sent by 47 U.S. Republican senators to Iran's leaders . The letter threatened to scupper any deal if a Republican President is elected next year . Khamenei suggested that the letter was part of a U.S. strategy of last-minute reversal .
John Terry has ruled out a return to the England team . The Chelsea defender has been in good form but does not want to come out of retirement . Terry quit England in September 2012 after he was punished by the FA .
Fry was sentenced to 16 weeks in jail, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to pay £1,000 compensation . He was also ordered to attend a domestic abuse programme .
Jakub Moravec was mauled by a polar bear as he slept in his tent . The bear attacked him on the remote Svalbard islands in Norway's Arctic . Moravec is now being treated in Longyearbyen for injuries to his face and arm .
Disgraced Rolf Harris has seen his honour annulled at the order of the Queen following his conviction for historic sex abuse . The move came eight months after the disgraced former children’s entertainer was jailed for nearly six years for a string of attacks on girls as young as seven . Officials at the Cabinet Office had been accused of dragging their feet over the issue, but sources insisted they had to follow established procedures before removing the gong .
The Canadian government has come under fire for allowing the slaughter of nearly 470,000 seals as part of the biggest marine animal hunt on the planet.  Animal rights advocates say an alarming number of the seals are skinned while alive and responsive to pain.
Ash Dykes, 24, from North Wales has been crowned National Adventurer of the Year . He impressively spent 78 days alone last year, crossing 1,500 miles of the unforgiving Gobi Desert and the vast Mongolian steppe . Dykes is nicknamed the 'lonely snow leopard'.
Rangers fans want the remaining board members to follow chairman David Somers out of the Ibrox exit . The club confirmed on Monday morning that Somers had resigned following 16 months turbulent months in charge . The Rangers Supporters Trust have told Llambias and Leach to accept defeat .
Facebook has launched a new feature called 'On This Day' that highlights posts made on the same date in years past. The posts only appear on a user's On This Day page, which can only be viewed by that user. They then have the option to share these posts with their friends.
The U.S. is pursuing a nuclear agreement with Iran, despite the country's past record . In doing so, President Barack Obama has ignored the regimes' fundamental nature and the catastrophic costs these efforts have inflicted upon regional stability and U.S. national security. This month brought familiar news: more chemical weapons attacks allegedly by dictator Bashar al-Assad against his fellow Syrians.
Burnley striker Danny Ings will step out at Anfield on Wednesday . He has been linked with a move to Liverpool at the end of the season . Sportsmail's reporters give their verdict on whether Ings is good enough to make the step up . Dominic King says Ings has impressed all season and would thrive under the guidance of Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers . Joe Bernstein says Ings is a hard worker and is good enough to make the step up .
The Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond this morning suggested that maintaining defence spending at the minimum demanded by Nato is now only a 'target' . This follows the government's decision not to ring-fence military spending . The government has guaranteed defence spending will stay above 2 per cent of Britain's national income until 2016 – but not beyond .
Prince Ali bin al-Hussein has received backing from the King of Bahrain and Prince Sufri Bolkiah of Brunei for his bid to become FIFA president . However, it is uncertain whether the Bahrain Football Association will support Prince Ali as FIFA Vice President, as the organization's president Sheikh Salman Bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa has already given his backing to Sepp Blatter .
A 2.8 million-year-old lower jawbone, found in Ethiopia, is thought to belong to a species that may have been the first member of the Homo family . The fossil is significant because it suggests our first human ancestors emerged 400,000 years earlier than previously thought . The fossil is now on display at Arizona University.
Chambray is a lighter alternative to denim that is popular this season. Chambray can be dressed up or down, and can be paired with a variety of clothing items.
Paul Reiffer is a British photographer who takes pictures of cities at night . He has spent over three years amassing a collection of nightscapes from around the world . Reiffer uses a specially adapted camera that shoots at 80 mega pixels per image, allowing him to capture huge city landscapes in extraordinary detail .
Joseph Aldridge shot and killed four relatives and three neighbors in Tyrone, Missouri after one family denied him a job . He may have asked Darrell Shriver, 68, for a job before shooting and killing him, his son Carey Shriver, 46, and Carey's wife, Valirea, 44 . Aldridge then killed himself after the shooting spree that followed the death of his 74-year-old mother Alice .
A report from the Centre for Policy Studies reveals that ditching green energy targets would save British households around £214 a year . The policy shift would come as a result of the increased costs to consumers for renewable energy, which the CPS calls the "most expensive policy disaster in modern British history."
A luxury apartment where Harrods once prepared and wrapped their Easter eggs has gone on the market for £5.35 million . The flat is based within the 19th century Harrods Depository building at Trevor Square in Knightsbridge, London . It would have housed some of London's finest products such as chocolate, wine and clothing, which could not be kept in the store due to lack of space . The depository was transformed into a luxury block of flats 12 years ago .
The photos showed a naked, young woman at Spring Break, surrounded by raucous male party-goers . Police were searching for the woman, who was pictured naked wearing only sunglasses and colorful necklaces . The Bay County Sheriff's Office in Florida was concerned for the woman's safety and was investigating how the photos ended up on social media.
Scotland Yard detectives have raided the home of Field Marshall Lord Bramall of Bushfield, the former chief of the defence staff and a D-Day veteran, as part of their child abuse inquiry. Lord Bramall has denied any involvement in child abuse, calling any suggestion of his involvement "absolutely a load of rubbish".
Susan Watkins won £25,000 in the Daily Mail’s Scrabble competition.  She plans to spend her winnings on a holiday to Holland.  She will use some of her winnings to pay for a holiday - her first since her husband Eddie died in 2009.
Arnold Palmer held court on Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods at his tournament, the Arnold Palmer Invitational, on Wednesday. After paying world No 1 McIlroy a warm tribute, Palmer was asked about Tiger’s absence, and the fact they supposedly spoke for an hour on the phone. Palmer gave the questioner a quizzical look and replied: ‘An hour? Whoever told you that was full of s***!’ Palmer confirmed that not even a dislocated shoulder suffered during a fall at his home in January will keep him away from hitting the ceremonial tee shot at the Masters, alongside Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player, next month.
A fire caused by a mobile phone charger killed three pet dogs in Derby, England . Dawn Jackson, 43, kept her two Labradors and whippet-cross in the home she shares with her partner and two friends . The fire - believed to have been started from a phone charger - ripped through the property while the dogs' owners were at work last month, killing all three pets .
Sloan allegedly told police that he attacked Marion 'Suge' Knight before being hit by his truck in a hit-and-run that killed another man . The confrontation is believed to have been a result of an argument between Knight and others on the set of the upcoming N.W.A. biopic 'Straight Outta Compton.'  Sloan was walking away when he heard someone say, 'Look out', according to his account to the police. He said he was trying to turn around but was then struck by Knight's Ford F-150 Raptor.
Police were called in to manage crowds and pacify irate commuters at one of Britain's busiest railway stations last night after thousands of travellers were left stranded during rush hour. Travellers were photographed jumping over or crawling under ticket barriers in a desperate attempt to get on to the few trains passing through London Bridge. There was chaos because of signalling problems south of the station, while there were also issues after a person was hit by a train.
Police have launched an investigation into alleged homophobic remarks on Twitter which were directed towards rugby referee Nigel Owens, they said. The comments were posted after he refereed the England v France international at Twickenham on Saturday, Dyfed-Powys Police said.
Matt Henry will replace injured Adam Milne in New Zealand's World Cup squad . Henry is a 23-year-old seamer who made his international debut in January 2014 . New Zealand will face South Africa in the first semi-final in Auckland on Tuesday .
Matthew Cartmill was born with Trisomy 13, a rare condition which sees 90% of babies die . He has lived to see his first birthday, a milestone doctors feared he might never reach . His family have committed themselves to caring for their only child .
The Bobby Ray Memorial Elementary School in Tennessee told Amy Stinnett that her son Adam's military-style haircut was 'distracting' and would have to be shaved off. When Ms Stinnett refused to comply, the principal told her that Adam would not be able to return to school. Adam's stepbrother, who served in Afghanistan and is still an active soldier, inspired Adam to join the military and is the reason he got the haircut. Ms Stinnett said she wants an apology and described the situation as 'crazy' and 'bizarre'.
Anne Frank likely died of typhus in mid February 1945, not March 31 as previously thought . The new study puts the date of her death at some point in mid February, meaning that even if British troops had reached the camp a little sooner, she would likely not have survived.
An Islamic extremist has been arrested after an American blogger was hacked to death with a machete in the middle of the street.  Avijit Roy was targeted on Thursday by at least two men over his opposition to religious extremism.  Police in the country's capital Dhaka paraded their suspect, fundamentalist blogger Farabi Shafiur Rahman, before the media after arresting him earlier today.
The black man blocked from boarding a Paris Metro by Chelsea fans has derided the club's invitation to a game, claiming they've treated him like a child.  Souleymane S was asked to attend the Blues' Champions League last-16 second leg against Paris Saint-Germain as a guest at Stamford Bridge.  But he was left irritated by the offer and turned the opportunity to travel to London down, saying he had no intention of sitting near his racial abusers.
Shocking video footage has emerged showing the moment passers-by refused to help a fatally injured young man who burst into flames while trying to steal copper wire from an electricity substation. The unidentified South African, who appears to be in his teens, was seen with horrific burns covering most of his upper body following the incident in the outskirts of the city of Witbank in north-western Mpumalanga Province. With his terrible injuries clearly visible, the young man says he is in agony and begs passers-by to take him to the hospital - but he is cruelly told to walk if he wants treatment. The burns victim then walked to a nearby health clinic, where an ambulance was called - but he is understood to have died hours later.
Cindy Reese, 40, and her boyfriend Jeffery Brown, 36, have been charged with murder nearly a month after Michael Earl Reese, 40, was found killed in the couple's kitchen in Morris, Alabama.  The duo had plotted to kill Mr Reese so that they could be together, Chief Deputy Randy Christian of the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office told AL.com.
Robert Durst was found with a latex mask, fake ID, and $42,000 when he was arrested for murder on Saturday . The 71-year-old real estate heir was also found with a revolver and quarter-pound of marijuana . Durst is awaiting extradition to LA to face the first-degree murder charge .
Roy Hodgson wanted England to be more physical after their disappointing performance at the World Cup . He spoke with assistant manager Ray Lewington and coach Gary Neville about how they could make the team more muscular . The outcome of Hodgson's changes was elimination from the World Cup.
The LDSD is a low density supersonic decelerator that will be used to slow down astronauts upon entering the upper Martian atmosphere . Nasa will be performing a spin test of the vehicle tomorrow at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California . The event will be streamed live on Ustream, and viewers will be able to ask questions on Twitter using the #AskNasa hashtag.
Zayn Malik leaves One Direction, fans react on social media . Music producer Naughty Boy gets into a war of words with One Direction's Louis Tomlinson after retweeting a user going by Naughty Boy/Zayn (@naughtyboymus). The tweet was captioned "The truth" and contained a video of a little ditty in which an electronic voice croons "Naughty Boy saved my life" and mentions "Zaughty." . Directioners (as the fans are called) got into it, and the hashtags "Zaughty" and "masterofallwisdom" started trending.
Spicy Sticks are made from flour, spicy oil and food additives . They are popular in China and among Chinese people living abroad . Consumers have reported suffering from severe sickness and diarrhoea after eating them .
The new comic book star would score a magnificent booming header against his former team, celebrate with a screaming knee slide, scrap with the evil baddie of the opposition (Diego Costa) and finish the struggle victorious, shaking hands with the ground staff before exiting for his next adventure. The problem for the script writers, if they were to copy the life and times of David Luiz, is that they would have no idea what David Luiz was going to do next, so what chance do the opposition – or his team-mates – have?
The Easter bunny is a German folklore character that brings treats to good children . The modern Easter bunny is often a terrifying white, pink, purple, and yellow creature . The symbol of the Easter bunny often results in a terrifying sight when produced on a budget .
Paddy McNair is in line to make his Northern Ireland debut this month, having been included in a 27-man squad for matches against Scotland and Finland . Manager Michael O'Neill has convened a familiar group for the friendly at Hampden on March 25 and the Euro 2016 qualifier that follows at Windsor Park on March 29, with the 19-year-old set for his first senior appearance .
The new traffic camera on the M4 has already snapped 4,500 motorists in a two month period. Drivers had been used to slowing down for a fixed camera in the 50mph zone at Port Talbot, South Wales. But since November last year, it has been replaced with an 'average speed' check - meaning motorists have to drive more cautiously.
Former NFL player Fred Smoot has accused his ex-girlfriend of fabricating stories about him that led to his arrest for domestic assault. Smoot was acquitted of the charges in January, and says that his ex-girlfriend was lying about the incident. Smoot says that his career has been ruined as a result of the false allegations.
The senior ballet team is made up of 50 women from 40 to 60 years of age who have been practising their pirouettes at the Mali ballet school. The women have impressed so much Chicago Ballet has invited them to visit in June. Cai Hui, who is 60, is one of the older women in the class and discovered her passion for dance late in life.
American photographer Sean Collins captures Paris in a unique way - making landmarks look like miniature toys . He used special effects to make the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, and pedestrians look like small figurines . Collins studied at the American School of Paris before attending a film school in California .
Brazilian soccer legend Pele will be in attendance at Anfield for the match between Liverpool and Manchester United on Sunday. Pele has a commercial association with Liverpool's business partner, Subway Restaurants. This will be Pele's first visit to Anfield, but he played at Everton's Goodison Park in 1966 during the World Cup.
Japan have named Vahid Halilhodzic as their new national team boss . He will be tasked with leading Shinji Kagawa and Japan to the 2018 World Cup in Russia . Halilhodzic has been out of work since his exit from Turkish outfit Trabzonspor last November .
Johanna Basford's colouring book for adults has sold more than a million copies . The book has been translated into 14 languages and is particularly popular in Paris . Basford has now released a second book, Enchanted Forest: An Inky Quest & Colouring Book .
Madonna revealed the three pieces of advice she gave her daughter Lourdes before she left for college . The chart-topper is worried about her daughter's well being, just like any other mother . Lourdes is following in her mother's footsteps by studying performing arts .
To get Scarlett Johansson's legs, the actress says she does the same fitness routine as her big muscle-man trainer . The routine focuses on endurance, stability and strength . Johansson also watches what she eats, avoiding processed foods, sugars and bad fats .
One in five gay teenagers in schools across Britain are being subjected to bullying by teachers or other adults, new research has shown. Another third of gay male pupils said they left school without being taught anything about HIV or safe sex, despite a spike in infections nationwide. A survey by the National Aids Trust (NAT), which quizzed more than 1,000 gay or bisexual men aged 14 to 19, also found that more than half had experienced some form of discrimination.
People have been taking selfies with crocodiles at Fogg Dam in Darwin, Australia . The Parks and Wildlife Commission of the Northern Territory has warned people to be 'crocwise' and keep a safe distance of at least 15 metres . Salt water crocodiles can grow to five metres in length and weigh 450 kilograms .
Oghosa Ovienrioba is a 22-year-old law graduate and vlogger who used to be addicted to online pornography. She started watching it when she was 14 and at her worst point was watching 400 hours of it. She has now bravely spoken out about her addiction in a YouTube series that has amassed over 800,000 hits.
55% of patients and their caregivers say their doctors never told them they have Alzheimer's . Compare that to one of the big four cancers -- breast, colorectal, lung and prostate -- more than 90% said their doctors had no problem giving them the diagnosis. Why the silence? This is not the first report to show doctors are sidestepping this tough conversation. But why? That's been studied too, and the reasons doctors give range from diagnostic uncertainty and fear of causing emotional distress to time constraints, lack of support, and stigma.
John Stones and Luke Shaw will be included in England’s squad for Euro 2015 . Gareth Southgate is ‘certain’ of 21 of the names and his list includes Everton central defender Stones and Manchester United left back Shaw . England’s first Group B game is against Portugal in Uherske Hradiste on June 18.
The NFL have fined the Atlanta Falcons and stripped them of a draft pick following the team's use of fake crowd noise at home games. In a statement released on Monday, the league announced that the Falcons have been fined $350,000 (£237,000) and will forfeit their fifth-round selection in the 2016 draft. If the Falcons have multiple picks in that round, the highest selection will be forfeited. Team president Rich McKay has also been suspended from the league's Competition Committee beginning April 1.
Ed Miliband was asked if he thought the Labour party would be better off if his brother David had won the leadership election . He replied that he thought he was the best person for the job when he ran for leader, and that he still thinks that now . He added that he thought the Labour party needed to move on from New Labour .
Shonda Rhimes leads charge against article which claimed television has become too diverse this season . Many Twitter users blasted the article causing Deadline to trend for hours . Many celebrities, television industry journalists, and Twitter users criticized the article and even created the hashtag #DeadlineHeadlines with offensive headlines they believe the publication would use.
The baby, Aliya Saleem, is 10 months old and weighs 2st 13lbs . Her parents are worried about her health, after another of their children died aged just one-and-a-half after gaining weight in a similar fashion . The enormous weight has put Aliya's life in danger, but the family have lacked the money to obtain good enough medical care for her .
England will never be quite the same players again after their near miss in the Championship . The Twickenham crowd knows there is another level the team can perform to . England started chasing the big score a little bit too early and got too loose .
A rock on the site of a new highway in Iceland was moved yesterday because it is believed to be an ancient elven church in Icelandic folklore . The building of the road will now go ahead, but the rock has been spared and was transferred to its new location . The rock weighs 87 tonnes and is in the shape of a church .
Chris Gayle will play for Somerset in this summer's NatWest T20 Blast . He will join Somerset in late May and will remain with them until June 13 . Gayle is a prolific boundary hitter, with more than 8,000 runs to his name in Twenty20 cricket around the world .
Relationship therapist Tracey Cox reveals seven key questions to consider to figure out if your partner is marriage material . Signs that your partner may not be interested in getting married include: not wanting to talk about it, giving vague answers, or being opposed to the idea in general . Couples should be able to have an open, honest discussion about marriage before getting married .
A $50 portable media player is providing many North Koreans a window to the outside world. Notel or 'notetel' - the name is a uniquely North Korean - a word combining 'notebook' and 'television' - are easily found on the black market for around 300 Chinese yuan ($48). 'The North Korean government takes their national ideology extremely seriously, so the spread of all this media that competes with their propaganda is a big and growing problem for them,' said Sokeel Park of Liberty in North Korea (LiNK), an organisation that works with defectors.
Messi remains a doubt for Tuesday's friendly with Ecuador because of a foot injury . Messi was kept on the bench during Saturday's 2-0 win over El Salvador . Messi welcomed new Argentina team-mate Federico Mancuello to Instagram on Monday evening .
Arsene Wenger was accused of disrespecting his former club Monaco as Arsenal produced yet another familiar evening of agonising failure in the last 16 of the Champions League. Despite winning 2-0 in Monaco and producing an exhilarating finale as they pushed for the elusive third goal they needed, Wenger's team ultimately ended up out of the competition at this stage of the Champions League for the fifth successive year. And to add to their woes Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim accused Wenger and Arsenal of disrespecting him and his club after not congratulating Monaco following their 3-1 victory in the first-leg at the Emirates.
Ernie Chambers, a liberal-leaning independent from North Omaha, was speaking in Nebraska's unicameral capitol building when he said, 'My ISIS is the police.'  The chamber was discussing a bill that would allow concealed weapons to be carried in bars when Chambers, 77, began talking about police violence and comparing law enforcement to extremists.  Senator Tommy Garrett, a sponsor of the bill, said that the measure was necessary because residents of Nebraska were afraid of terrorist groups.
A quarter of Chinese males are going bald, according to the People's Daily. The balding rate among men in China is increasing and the phenomenon is appearing in younger crowds. The survey was conducted after Li Yapeng, a popular actor in China and a former heartthrob, was photographed drinking soup in a restaurant with a balding head.
To reach the small architectural marvel, guests are required to crawl through its tunnel-like entryway, which remarkably resembles an otherworldly black hole.  The interior is made of plywood and has floor to ceiling windows along one side to allow guests to experience the breathtaking views.  It's the portal-like entrance that's really something special, however, made up of curved shavings of pine and untreated larch, which will turn gray with time.
Astana's licence may be revoked following an independent audit into the team . The UCI has requested that Astana's licence be revoked by the commission . The team has denied the reports and said they believe the meeting on April 2 will be a properly conducted legal meeting .
Emmanuel Jesus Rangel-Hernandez, 19, was arrested last month in connection to a triple-homicide in Charlotte, North Carolina . His alleged accomplice, 19-year-old David Ezequel Lopez, was taken into custody Thursday . Rangel-Hernandez was supposed to be deported in 2012 but was granted deferred deportation under President Obama’s amnesty policy .
Mayweather took to Instagram to document his rigorous training regime . He uploaded a video of him working on his hand speed while training on the pads and the bag . Mayweather has reserved special praise for his personal chef, who will be fuelling him during the build up to the mega fight .
The map was created by VinePair using data from research reports and corporate filings . It shows the 'beer brands of the world are as diverse as our planet itself' . The most popular beer for each country was determined by market share .
Germany's Under 21 team has 639 top-flight appearances between them, compared to England's 977 . Coach Gareth Southgate was irritated that England were overawed by Germany in the first 25 minutes of the game . England won 3-2 in thrilling circumstances, with goals from Jesse Lingard, Nathan Redmond, and James Ward-Prowse .
Dawson was voted off the show after just four episodes because other contestants thought he was 'annoying'. Dawson had been teaching a class on the show for two years prior to entering the competition. Dawson was voted off because he was seen as over-strategizing and spewing knowledge of past seasons.
Ronaldo will be able to take solace from the fact that opponent Max Meyer was wearing his branded pants . Meyer played the full 90 minutes against Ronaldo and Co as his side were eliminated from the Champions League despite their emphatic victory on Tuesday night . Ronaldo was left angry on Tuesday night and has vowed not to talk publicly until the end of the season .
Microsoft says Windows 10 will be available this summer . The operating system is designed for PCs, smartphones and connected devices . It will be available in 190 countries and 111 languages .
Amnesty International has concluded that Hamas committed war crimes during the 2014 Gaza conflict by firing rockets 'indiscriminately' at civilian areas and using non-combatants as human shields.  The report concluded that rocket attacks had killed six civilians in Israel, including a child. Other rockets aimed at the Jewish state fell short and killed at least 13 Palestinian civilians, 11 of them children, on the beach in Gaza, in an attack that was wrongly blamed on Israel.
QPR lost 3-1 to Crystal Palace, their fourth straight defeat . Manager Chris Ramsey says the team is unified and they will keep fighting . QPR is at serious risk of relegation to the Championship .
16-year-old Kyle Longmore caught a 263.5kg broad-bill swordfish using just 24kg fishing line . The fish was caught 35km off Tasmania’s East Coast and took six hours to reel in . It is believed to be the biggest swordfish ever hooked in Australian waters by amateurs .
Prince William is visiting China for the first time in three decades . During his visit, he will be promoting British culture to the Chinese people . British culture has been growing in popularity in China in recent years .
The family of one of the schoolgirls who is feared to have fled to join Islamic State discovered a handwritten shopping list of items which included tips for crossing into Syria. The list of purchases includes a £50 epilator, two sets of £12 underwear for two girls, socks for £4 and a phone for £75. The total cost of the items, which includes £1,000 plane tickets to Turkey, amounts to £2,190.
Bhutan, the world's worst international team according to FIFA rankings, picked up a 1-0 win against Sri Lanka in their World Cup qualifying debut on Thursday.  Tshering Dorji scored the only goal of the match in the 84th minute for the small Himalayan nation, ranked last of the 209 teams in FIFA's rankings, in steamy Colombo.  The performance from the side, who were once thrashed 20-0 by Kuwait in an Asian Cup qualifier in 2000, drew praise from even FIFA president Sepp Blatter.
Michelle Obama was appearing on Jeopardy to promote her 'Let's Move' anti childhood obesity campaign . But while she was answering questions on healthy eating, some viewers were going online to ask whether the 51-year-old was now bald . Others pointed out that the First Lady was likely to have had her hair tied back with the camera angle obscuring her ponytail .
The archive of 52 celluloid negatives were taken at the expedition base camp of Cape Evans on Ross Island, and show Scott's party preparing to head off during the doomed Terra Nova Expedition of 1912. In some pictures, the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek can be seen.
The series is called 'Preservation' and captures subjects of all shapes and sizes covered in honey . Little used 1,000 pounds of honey every week he shot for the series and found models using Craigslist and professional model and dance agencies . The honey was collected as it dripped off the models for re-use.
Ipswich and Brentford shared the points in a 1-1 Sky Bet Championship draw at Portman Road. Top scorer Daryl Murphy gave the hosts a ninth-minute lead but Jonathan Douglas levelled 16 minutes later and that was where the scoring ended.
Gareth Bale scored twice for Wales as they beat Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualification, taking them to the top of their group. The Real Madrid striker dominated the game, setting up Arsenal's Aaron Ramsay for the first goal before scoring twice in the second half. Bale has come under attack in the Spanish press for putting country before club, but didn't appear to be showing any signs of rust as he took Israel apart.
Parma were declared bankrupt with debts of 100 million euros . The court appointed receivers and it is not known if the club will finish the season . Parma's new owner and president, Giampietro Manenti, was not present following his arrest on Wednesday on charges of money laundering and embezzlement .
Reverend Canon Gavin Ashenden said there are passages in the Koran which 'invite people to violence' . Ashenden declined to say whether parts of the Koran are 'evil', instead advising people to make up their own minds . More than 100 imams and leaders of Muslim groups signed an open letter to the Government accusing it of criminalising Islam .
Lawyers for a transgender inmate convicted of murder asked the U.S. Supreme Court Monday to overturn a ruling denying her request for sex-reassignment surgery . The 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a 2012 ruling that found the surgery was the 'only adequate treatment' for Kosilek's severe gender dysphoria . Lawyers argue that the appeals court did not find 'clear error' in the judge's ruling granting the surgery and therefore had no legal basis to overturn it .
Pensioner Stan Roberts, 79, was left covered in blood after being punched to the ground during a neighbourhood dispute in North Shields. Mr Roberts suffered cuts and bruises to his nose and cheek, as well as damaged teeth, and said he had 'never been punched so hard in my life'. The attack took place while Mr Roberts was visiting his ex-wife Yejide Roberts, 38, at her home. The court heard how Cairns' daughter Kelly Lamb, a mother of one, had knocked on Mrs Roberts's door, asking her to move her vehicle from outside Ms Lamb's home. But, despite Mr Roberts moving the car, a heated row broke out in the street between Mrs Roberts and Ms Lamb. The court heard how, minutes later, Cairns stormed down the path and began hurling abuse at Mr and Mrs Roberts. He then attacked the pensioner, punching him once to the face with such force that he collapsed. Cairns and Lamb then kicked the door of Mrs Roberts's car, leaving a visible dent. When police arrived to arrest Cairns at his home, he snatched a baton from one officer and threatened to 'take his head off'.
The family of Becky Watts, who was found dead earlier this week, attended a balloon release in her memory today . Around 400 people released multi-colored balloons in unison while observing a moment's silence . Becky's grandfather said the family had received condolences from all over the world .
Mark Gasnier and wife Claudine have put their beach-side Avalon home on the market . They have lived in the breathtaking three-bedroom retreat for almost five years . It features sun-filled rooms, lush greenery, a picturesque lap pool and immaculate yet warm styling .
The man killed by the LAPD on Skid Row on Sunday was not French, as originally thought. He was actually an imposter who stole the identity of a Frenchman with the same name and birth date. The real Charley Saturmin Robinet is living in France, totally unaware that his identity was stolen years ago.
Mr Cameron used his first address of the campaign to unveil the party’s slogan – ‘We are with you’ . He told supporters at his party’s spring forum in Manchester that the Conservatives were ‘the real party of aspiration, of working people – the party that is with you, not against you is not that bunch of hypocritical, holier-than-thou, hopeless, sneering socialists’.
Jamie Oliver has warned that a new trade deal with America could open the door to inferior food . There are concerns that GM crops and food produced in the USA could be forced on to dinner plates . The EU and the US government are negotiating a new free trade pact.
Five Chelsea supporters will fight applications to impose football banning orders . The orders are designed to stop potential troublemakers from travelling to football matches . The supporters are accused of involvement in an incident in which a black man was prevented from boarding a train in Paris.
Tony Robinson was unarmed when fatally shot by police officer, Madison police say . Officer Matt Kenny, who has been with the department 12 years, shot Robinson Friday . Kenny was exonerated of any wrongdoing in 2007 after shooting and killing a man . Protests have erupted in Madison, with some chanting "Black lives matter."
The new XF was revealed in a dramatic stunt in London's Docklands this week . Stuntman Jim Dowdell drove the car 240 metres across wires to demonstrate the car's lightweight aluminium construction and agility . The car is being built at Jaguar Land Rover's Castle Bromwich factory in Birmingham and its official global debut is at the New York motor show on April 1 .
England will unleash their 'special' force of nature, Courtney Lawes, against Scotland at Twickenham on Saturday . Northampton's 26-year-old lock returns to the starting XV as one of two changes from the setback in Dublin . Lawes will add clout and dynamism up front to Stuart Lancaster's side reeling from their loss to Ireland .
James Corden pulls out all the stops for his opening night on US TV . He made sure his first show went off with a bang with a opening sequence . Corden introduced himself to American audiences as he admitted he was stunned to be making a star-packed debut with his late-night talk show.
The robbers were caught on CCTV footage in Boston Spa, West Yorkshire . The men were dressed in wigs and women's clothing and one was pushed in a wheelchair . The pair made off with an unknown amount of cash, but were tackled by passersby and the cash was dropped .
Students in Myanmar are protesting an education bill that they say limits academic freedom. Police have crackdown on the protests, using violence against the students. Human rights groups are concerned about the treatment of the students and the implications for Myanmar's democratic transition.
ISIS releases video of nine men being executed for allegedly spying on the terrorists . Men are forced to give interview before their murder in which they admit to spying on ISIS . All nine of them are then escorted outside by masked terrorists and shot .
The Pentagon is watching Charla Nash's recovery closely as she was disfigured in a 2009 attack by a rampaging chimpanzee. The U.S. military paid for Nash's full face transplant in 2011 and is underwriting her follow-up treatment at a combined cost estimated in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. In the coming weeks Nash will take part in a military-funded experiment in which doctors at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital will try to wean her off the anti-rejection drugs she has been taking since the transplant.
Ramsey believes Arsenal can use the 3-0 win over West Ham as a template to produce the same result in Monaco next week . The Gunners eventually saw off the challenge of the Irons, who suffered a third straight Barclays Premier League defeat .  Ramsey, who scored Arsenal's second goal on 84 minutes before substitute Mathieu Flamini tapped in a third moments after coming on, feels a similar positive approach can see them pull of an unlikely result at the Stade Louis II Stadium.
President Obama nearly took a tumble while exiting Air Force One on Sunday. He was returning from a Florida trip where he played golf with wealthy donors. Obama gave a wave to media before stumbling for a second and resuming his trot down to the tarmac at Andrews Air Force Base outside Washington.
The 55-year-old BBC stalwart was preparing to present a piece to camera ahead of Arsenal's match with Everton, but got caught short when a sprinkler was turned on just seconds before he went on air.  'You could have told us', Pearce can be heard saying after he jumped out of shot - and out of reach of the water - but he appeared to take it in good spirits when he explained the reason for his soaking on air minutes later.  Pearce was at the Emirates to see Arsenal attempt to take three points against Everton, a result which would see them go third in the Premier League table, ahead of Manchester United.
The Kazam Tornado 552L has an 'extreme' power save mode that can extend battery life for up to 33 hours . The phone has a 5.2-inch touchscreen, runs on a 1.7Ghz octa-core processor, and has a 13MP rear-facing and 8MP front-facing camera . The phone is part of the same Kazam range that includes the world's thinnest handset, the Tornado 348 at 5.15mm .
NASA's Opportunity rover passes marathon mark on Mars . The car sized rover's odometer checked in at 26.2 miles — the distance of a marathon . The official time? Eleven years and two months .
Tony 'the Fridge' Phoenix-Morrison has denied allegations he assaulted four members of a family. The 50-year-old grandfather appeared at Sunderland Magistrates' Court under the name Anthony Morrison and was charged with four counts of assault against four members of the Mallaby family. Morrison, of Hebburn, South Tyneside, denied all the charges when he appeared at court today.
Dr Prashen Pillay prescribed a 77-year old patient a cardiac drug at 1,000 times the recommended dose, causing her death . He then went on a two year spree of running out on bills and urinating in public . He was caught when he tried to treat patients at a hospital while suspended .
14-year-old Kierra'onna Rice was killed by gunshots fired during a planned brawl in a park in Birmingham, Alabama . The participants had agreed to fight and post the video online . Shots were fired that injured two and killed Rice .
Glen Johnson is out of contract at Liverpool in the summer and negotiations over a new deal have stalled . It is increasingly likely that Johnson will move overseas, as his representatives have already held exploratory talks with foreign clubs . Johnson has lost his first-team place in the 3-4-2-1 formation which has been so successful since the turn of the year .
The White House went on lockdown after an alert from a bomb-sniffing dog . A food truck fire is responsible for the loud noise and smoke . The lockdown happened around 10am and ended around 11am .
Bilardi was sitting on the couch of his Melbourne home when he panicked . He started shaking with anxiety, his heart pounding, trying to avoid eye contact with his sibling . He purportedly writes in an online post that he realized he was having a panic attack . In a series of questions posted to Yahoo! Answers, Bilardi asked users what could be wrong with him .
Manchester United has not won against Tottenham in their last 5 games . Tottenham has won their previous two visits to Old Trafford . United had gone 26 games without defeat at home to Spurs in all competitions before Tottenham's 3-2 victory in September 2012 .
In their first and only press conference, Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao promised to treat the world to a great spectacle on May 2 when they clash in Las Vegas. Mayweather took to the stage to address the crowd and insist he has never wanted to win a fight more. Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach said the fighter loves challenges and this is the biggest one of his career.
Bobbi Kristina Brown's relatives have denied that they are taking part in a reality TV show . A source had previously told TMZ that at least three relatives of the 21-year-old's father Bobby Brown have taken part in the unnamed show . Brown’s attorney Christopher Brown said in a statement that there is no Brown family reality show that is in production .
Brooklyn Smith was attacked by 30 people after being recognized from a previous confrontation . She was hit over the head with a skateboard and punched and kicked repeatedly . She was left with a four-inch gash in the back of her head which had to be closed together with staples.
The main points to remember from this news article are that many Americans are to blame for the gridlock in Congress, and that we need to change the way we approach big issues.
The city of Cleveland responded to a wrongful death lawsuit over the shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice by saying the death was his own fault. The city said that Tamir's injuries 'were directly and proximately caused by the failure of Plaintiffs' decedent to exercise due care to avoid injury.' The city also claimed it is entitled to all 'full and qualified' immunities under state and federal law.
Emma Meaux from Abbeville, Louisiana, was caught with red lipstick on her lips . Her mother Mandy interrogates her and Emma eventually admits to putting on the lipstick . This is not the first time Emma has been caught getting up to mischief - last summer she was caught with chocolate frosting on her lips .
Goodyear has unveiled concept tires that generate electricity as the tire rolls, which could extend an electric car's range . The tires use thermoelectric and piezoelectric materials that generate electricity from the heat and physical deformation caused by the tire's contact with the road . Goodyear has also unveiled concept tires that use three tubes that can be inflated or deflated to respond to road conditions .
Dynamo Kiev manager Sergei Rebrov is keen to keep hold of Arsenal target Aleksandar Dragovic . The Gunners have been linked with a move for the Dynamo Kiev's Austrian international defender . Rebrov is returning to England with his Dynamo Kiev side to take on Everton in the Europa League .
Medical helicopter carrying at least three people crashes in Oklahoma . FAA investigators are headed to the crash scene . Earlier this week, an Army Black Hawk helicopter crashed in waters off the Florida Panhandle .
Giedo van der Garde has been cleared to race in the Melbourne Grand Prix this weekend after a legal challenge . Sauber had removed van der Garde as a driver late last year despite having a contract with him . Justice Clyde Croft ruled in favor of van der Garde, saying his application was successful.
One of the men expelled from Tanzania with Jihadi John is a close associate of 'the Goebbels of Islamic State' . Mohammed Emwazi was with German national Marcel Schrodl when they were stopped at the airport in Dar es Salaam in 2009. Denis Cuspert, a rapper responsible for the production of propaganda videos for ISIS, has been linked to Schrodl.
It took Benjamin Shine 11 years to pop the question and he knew he had to make up for it. So the Canberra-based sculptor took his usual artwork to the next level, this time creating a portrait of himself and his new wife Danielle Stone with 4km of mesh for their big day. The impressive sculpture and installation of the artwork, which took Mr Shine just a month to construct, takes the form of two ribbons which float from the air as they loop and meander around trees and entwine into the silhouette of the couple.
The study found that, in the average boy or girl with autism, genetics explain up to 98 per cent of the illness. The research, by King’s College London, found the condition is highly inheritable. The team compared the behaviour of pairs of identical twins, who share all their DNA, and non-identical twins, who have only half their genes in common.
5 women's lacrosse players at University of Maryland Baltimore County suspended after being accused of threatening freshman teammates in text messages . Suspended players include Mackenzie Reese, Alyssa Semones, Amber Kovalick, Meghan Milani, and Brittany Marquess . Text messages exchanged using the GroupMe app included threats to maim and 'kill' their freshmen teammates and 'take down the coaches' .
Three young brothers aged 1, 5 and 12 were stabbed to death and two other family members were hurt in an attack at a home in eastern North Carolina. Officers were called to a report of a person with a 'machete-like' knife around 11pm Tuesday and took a suspect into custody, New Bern Police Lt. Ronda Allen said. The officers entered the home and found two dead boys along with one still-breathing brother. They then subdued and arrested 18-year-old neighbor 18-year-old Eh Lar Doh Htoo, who they found still at the scene.
Ambra Battilana, 22, has accused Weinstein of groping her and trying to kiss her . She has told friends she is not afraid of him despite his reputation and power . The model's lawyer said she was 'creeped out' by the encounter .
Kell Brook successfully defended his IBF world welterweight title against Romanian Jo Jo Dan . Brook defeated his challenger in four murderous rounds . Brook's triumph and return to the ring came just six months after surviving a machete attack .
The Golden Postcode Club is made up of the UK's most expensive postcodes . There are now 18 districts in the club, four more than last year . The average house price in the most expensive postcode, W8 in Kensington, London, is £2.65million . UK house prices increased by 8.5% in 2014, according to Halifax.
A man fitting the description of the suspected murderer of 17-year-old student Masa Vukotic has been arrested by police near the scene of the crime. The man who was detained was dressed in all black, reminiscent of the suspect seen in CCTV footage running from the scene with a plastic bag believed to contain the murder weapon. Victoria Police say they’ve taken him in for questioning but ‘at this stage there’s nothing to connect him to the crime’.
Harrison Ford's wife Calista Flockhart is urging him to quit flying after his plane crash last week. Ford, 72, was injured but is expected to make a full recovery. Flockhart, 50, was pictured on Sunday on her way to UCLA hospital looking relieved. Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher has also urged him to 'take a break' following his plane crash.
Natalia Kills has been accused of stealing style cues from a variety of artists, including Jessie J, Lady Gaga, and Johnny Depp. The 28-year-old singer was fired from her role as a judge on X Factor New Zealand after launching an angry tirade at a contestant who she accused of copying her husband's style.
Emma Purnell is going to be living in a human-sized rabbit hutch for 48 hours to raise awareness for rabbits kept in cramped conditions . She will be wearing a bunny onesie for the event and will have a limited food intake . The hutch measures 5ft 6ins long, 2ft 6ins wide and 4ft 6ins tall . Purnell hopes to raise awareness for rabbits kept as pets and make people think about how they can improve life for their pet rabbits.
Brazil come from behind to beat France 3-1 in a friendly at the Stade de France . Goals from Oscar, Neymar, and Luis Gustavo secure the victory for Dunga's men . The match was a rematch of the 1998 World Cup final, which France won 3-0.
In the semi-finals of the BNP Paribas Open, Roger Federer will play Milos Raonic and Serena Williams will play Simona Halep. This is the first time Berdych has lost to Federer in straight sets since 2011 and Raonic beat three-time Indian Wells champion Nadal for the first time in six career meetings.
The Dutch prosecutors have blocked the sale of a bar of soap which its owners claimed was made from the fat of Jewish people murdered at a Nazi death camp. The owner attempted to sell the soap on the internet auction site eBay for €199 (£143). But as soon as the item went live, moderators removed it from sale.
The school where four pupils fled to Syria to become ‘jihadi brides’ is to be investigated by counter-extremism officials . The probe at Bethnal Green Academy has been launched after four girls left their homes to join Islamic State . Some parents have been producing and distributing leaflets which give advice on spotting the signs of radicalism .
Steve Howey and Steve Bull both achieved success with England squads that many people thought were not good enough . Roy Hodgson has a strong squad that should do well at the European Championship next year . The main concern for Hodgson is finding a partner for Gary Cahill in central defence .
Justin Jarrard Oliver has been arrested for allegedly beating up a woman who refused him sex after he bought her a McDonald's breakfast . Oliver is facing charges of felony battery and false imprisonment. In 2012 he was arrested for beating up a man after his debit card had been stolen.
Police are searching for three men after a public brawl in front of a bar on St Patrick's Day . Two teenagers were injured and taken to the hospital with facial fractures . A bystander recorded the fight on his cellphone before calling police .
The images being displayed are from three photographers who covered the marches from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama in 1965 . The pictures show state troopers deploying tear gas against the marchers, and the marchers being beaten down . The exhibition will be on display until April 18 .
Darius McCrary, best known for his role on "Family Matters," was jailed for failure to pay child support. He was released later that day. McCrary took to Twitter to defend himself, saying that he was trying to raise his son. Critics responded by pointing to his character's past on the show.
Boasting nothing more than an empty, concrete shell on the top level, the 'Aurora' Soul penthouse has sold for $7 million to property tycoon, Tony Fung . The aim of stripping the property for the sale was to attract a buyer who can stamp their personality on it . The gamble worked with Mr Fung having to beat six other bidders to buy the massive four-floor apartment on the Gold Coast .
A mother cleaning out her son's room found a Pringles tube filled with urine . The boy, aged 13, was away for the day when she made the discovery . Other mothers on the parenting website Mumsnet shared their own stories of gross items found in their children's bedrooms .
Gabby Agbonlahor produced a performance to warrant adulation . It was arguably his best display in years, a return to those days when his speed and strength shot him into the England set-up . His goal was a classic case of pace proving the difference .
The F-35B fighter jet, designed by Lockheed Martin, is too small to carry eight Small Diameter Bomb II (SDB II) . The F-35B is one of three variants of the F-35 program, which has been plagued by massive cost overruns and delays . The F-35 program will reportedly cost a whopping $590 billion over the next decade .
Customers of Costco in Danville, California, raise money for greeter Arlie Smith's vacation . He has worked at the store for more than 21 years and is known for his friendly smile . Smith was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis and kidney cancer that spread to his bones .
Harry Arter scored his second wonder goal in five days as Bournemouth stepped up their bid to reach the Barclays Premier League with an emphatic 3-0 win over Middlesbrough. Arter's powerful 20-yard strike early in the second half was sandwiched between penalties from Yann Kermorgant and substitute Brett Pitman as Bournemouth leapfrogged Middlesbrough in the Sky Bet Championship table to assert their claim for automatic promotion.
Tony Mowbray will be the new manager of Coventry . Steven Pressley was sacked after a run of seven games without a win . Mowbray has been out of work since leaving Middlesbrough in 2013 .
Sergeant 1st Class Gregory McQueen has admitted to recruiting three female officers into a prostitution ring at Fort Hood in Texas. He could face up to 40 years in prison.
Josh Marsden runs Biohazard Trauma & Crime Scene Cleaning and has shared photos from inside hoarders' houses. The pictures document some of the worst houses in the nation, littered with piles of rubbish, mountains of food scraps and stacks of newspapers covered in faecal matter the company is forced to clean.
The plane's data recorder has been found and will be examined immediately . The plane started descending about 30 minutes into the flight, and the rate of descent indicates that the pilot was still controlling the plane .
Eton headmaster Tony Little said children today needed ‘pretty graphic’ sex education from just nine years old . Speaking at an education summit in Dubai, Mr Little said: ‘What does strike me is that in a single-sex environment, particularly at the age of 13, 14, 15, there is an opportunity for both boys and girls to be themselves for longer . 'The need even at the age of nine now, pretty graphic sex education because of the pressures that are being put on girls particularly, from the age 11 and upwards.’
A snake was found with its head sticking through the bottom of a golf hole cup in Texas . The groundskeeper tweeted a photo of the snake with the caption, "Yep not changing this cup today!!" . It's not clear what kind of snake was in the cup, but it was safely removed by club officials .
The family of an alleged Facebook fraudster who faces up to 40 years in prison have gone missing days after he went on the run, police say.  Paul Ceglia, 41, of Wellsville, New York, sued the social media founder, Mark Zuckerberg, in 2010, claiming he had been promised a 50 per cent share in the business in exchange for start-up money.  But federal prosecutors said he fabricated and destroyed evidence to falsely support his case and he was due to go on trial on May 4. However, this week it was reported that, while under house arrest, he ditched his ankle monitoring bracelet and assumed fugitive status ahead of the hearing.
With her 50th birthday approaching, Simone Reeves decided that celebrating with a cruise or party wasn’t going to be enough. Neither was she interested in new clothes or a fancy meal. Instead the grandmother from Kent treated herself to a new stomach. The £4,800 operation was, she says, the ultimate 50th birthday treat to herself.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has offered to cover the cost of life imprisonment for Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan if Indonesia agrees to call of their executions. The offer was made in a letter to Indonesian counterpart, Retno Marsudi, on March 5. In the letter, Bishop noted the Indonesian prisoners were convicted of importing 390kg of heroin to Australia - 47 times the amount Chan and Sukumaran's co-convicted were caught trying to smuggle out of Indonesia.
Giuliani says Obama is ignoring 'enormous amounts of crime' being committed by blacks . He also says Obama should take a page out of Bill Cosby's book when it comes to talking about black crime .
Prince Charles tried ten pin bowling at the Armed Forces Retirement Home in Washington D.C. He knocked over four pins but wasn't pleased with the result . The Prince of Wales was at the American equivalent of the UK's Royal Chelsea Hospital .
The United States has evacuated its remaining 100 Special Operations forces members from Yemen. This due to the country's deteriorating security situation, as was witnessed on Friday when four suicide bombers in explosive vests killed 137 and injured hundreds more when they walked into the Badr and al-Hashoosh mosques in the capital city of Sanaa and unleashed what is now being called one of the deadliest attacks ever in the country.
Former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson gave a moving tribute to ex-Tottenham enforcer Dave Mackay at his funeral on Tuesday. Ferguson described Mackay as 'the bravest man in the world' and recalled a time when Mackay tackled him during a reserve game. Mackay's funeral was attended by many other distinguished footballers, including Pat Jennings and Denis Law.
Ed Miliband has accused David Cameron of running away from the leaders debates after he refused to take part in any during the election campaign .  The BBC, ITV, Sky and Channel 4 have rejected his 'final offer' and threatened to 'empty chair' him if he does not show up .  Downing Street had written to the broadcasters saying the PM's 'final offer' was a single 90-minute debate featuring at least seven leaders before March 30.
New York Post reports that lead violinist of world-renowned string quartet was arrested after going on a naked rampage and choking a complete stranger . The Leipzig String Quartet say that 42-year-old Stefan Arzberger was actually the real victim, claiming he was drugged while drinking at the hotel bar . Arzberger was first caught walking around the Hudson Hotel 'completely naked' on Friday morning, according to law enforcement officials who spoke with the New York Post .
Juan Rivera spent nearly two decades in prison for a 1992 rape and murder . He was finally cleared in 2012 when his 2009 conviction was reversed . Rivera was awarded $20million in the highest individual settlement given in a wrongful conviction case in U.S. history .
Sean Dyche tried to sign Harry Kane on loan for Burnley when he first took over . Kane's career has rocketed since honing his skills out on loan at Leyton Orient, Millwall, Norwich and Leicester . Dyche believes that the 21-year-old striker's spells in the Championship have helped make him the player he is today .
Manchester United are the most popular English football club worldwide and also the wealthiest . They are comfortably ahead of all their rivals in both these categories . The quartet of contenders in the pack behind them vying to be authentic ‘global’ names are Chelsea, Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City .
Pauline Bubb was beaten up to 30 times a day by her daughter Sapphire, nine, and regularly locked herself away in her bedroom to escape from harm. Her son Spencer, 11, who often joined in with the abuse, was the first to violently abuse his mother - aged four, he stabbed her in the stomach with a pair of scissors.
Queenslanders have the opportunity to name seven of the newest Queensland Police recruits- a litter of puppies destined for official duties . Queenslanders are asked to submit their best name suggestions for the seven-week-old pups, with the condition that the name must start with a 'W' . Minister Miller said that the voting system was a way to involve the state's community and highlight the important work that police dogs play in the prevention of crime .
The world's first man to witness his son's birth using virtual reality technology from 4000km away . He was able to 'appear' in the Perth birthing suite on February 20 via a Samsung live-streaming headset . The couple realised early in Alison's pregnancy that they would be apart for the birth of their child.
Jeremy Clarkson, 54, spotted at Stamford Bridge for Chelsea's match against PSG . The Top Gear presenter was suspended on Tuesday for allegedly punching a producer . More than 500,000 supporters have signed a petition demanding he is reinstated by the BBC .
Southampton ended a 387 minute spell without a home league goal when Sadio Mane scored 8 minutes from time . The win keeps alive Southampton's top-four dream . Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew was angered by referee Martin Atkinson's decision not to award the his side a second half penalty .
US ambassador Mark Lippert was discharged from the hospital after being attacked by a knife-wielding activist . The 42-year-old needed 80 stitches after being slashed across the face and suffered a stab wound to his wrist . Lippert said he felt 'pretty darn good, all things considered,' after the 'scary incident . The alleged attacker, known as an anti-U.S. activist, was arrested at the scene .
England's loss to Ireland has put their World Cup campaign in jeopardy . Stuart Lancaster faces some crucial decisions in the next two Six Nations games . England have lost six out of eight matches against top-tier teams since the end of last year's Six Nations.
Australia could have as many as four bowlers who have all logged speeds of 90mph plus in their line-up . They will be backed up by Ryan Harris, who misses the West Indies trip to stay home for the birth of his first child . While 24-year-old James Pattinson is also not on the list because he is currently out with a damaged left hamstring, he will also be monitored with the chance to be included in time to travel to England .
Kenny McDowall fears Rangers could be run out of the play-offs entirely . The team couldn’t match the renewed sense of optimism around Ibrox . McDowall says his side must be wary of Queen of the South in fourth and Falkirk in fifth .
Shayanna Jenkins was granted immunity by the court after she lied to a grand jury investigating the case . She told the jury that Hernandez was intoxicated and had smoked marijuana in the hours before the slaying of her sister's boyfriend, Odin Lloyd . Jenkins also told jurors that she found a handgun in a kitchen 'junk' drawer before the June 17 murder of Lloyd .
United seeking confirmation from Porto over Danilo's proposed switch to Real Madrid . Real manager Carlo Ancelotti insists a deal has not been completed . United have contacted Porto chiefs for definitive confirmation .
The 12-year-old pupil died on Sunday from injuries after being beaten by a teacher . The teacher has been suspended and an inquiry has been launched . The child had head injuries and suffered a brain haemorrhage .
Russia's Elena Nikitina overshot the mark and missed her sled in her very first run of the World Championships in Germany . She took a tumble and slid down the hill further than a certain Sol Campbell tackle on Ivica Olic when England played Croatia in the Euro 2008 qualifiers . Nikitina emerged uninjured after her unfortunate episode in Winterberg, only suffering a minor blow to her pride .
Four men threw bombs at Tamil news station in India after it cancelled a show offensive to Hindu culture . Six people involved in the bombing have been arrested, said S. George, the commissioner of the southern Indian city of Chennai. Their leader turned himself in separately, claiming responsibility for the attack, police said.
More than $72,000 dollars has been raised in 48 hours for the three children of a mother who was killed with an axe in an alleged domestic violence incident over the weekend. Tara Costigan, whose body was found on the laundry floor of a Calwell home in Canberra on Saturday, leaves behind two sons aged 11 and nine, and a newborn girl only one week old.
Xavi, Andres Iniesta and Clarence Seedorf have all praised Louis van Gaal for his work as a manager. They all worked under him during the early stages of their careers and have said he is a great coach with a lot of experience.
A man, a woman, and a young boy were found shot dead at a home in Queensland, Australia . Police believe the man's death is not suspicious, while the woman and young boy's death are being treated as suspicious . The woman's other daughter reportedly discovered all three bodies at the home .
The forward scored just his fourth goal of the season in Villa's 2-1 win over West Brom on Tuesday, which lifted them out of the Barclays Premier League relegation zone. They face the Baggies at Villa Park again on Saturday in the FA Cup quarter-final following Christian Benteke's last-minute penalty winner.  Agbonlahor has been criticised for inconsistent performances in recent years but Sherwood believes he can now be Villa's trump card.
UK defence cuts risk leaving America to tackle the twin threat of Russia and ISIS on its own, it has been claimed. Retired British army chief General Richard Dannatt suggested there was ‘no-one else’ for the US to turn to in Europe. It comes days after a UK think tank predicted that up to 30,000 British service personnel could go leaving the armed forces with a combined strength of just 115,000 by the end of the decade.
Karl Henry played for Wolverhampton Wanderers during their 2012 relegation . He is now with Queens Park Rangers, who are in danger of being relegated . Henry is hoping the current situation will not end the same way as it did with Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Prankster Sylwester Wardega has been sentenced to a month in jail after a prank involving appearing to use a shopping centre bin as a toilet . Wardega rose to fame after dressing his dog up as a spider and filming people's reactions . His most recent prank involved him running around a Polish shopping centre appearing to use its bins as toilets .
A sweet shop in Horsham, West Sussex, is offering one lucky customer a chance to win an Easter Egg the size of a washing machine . The egg weighs a hefty 15lbs (6.7kg), stands three and a half feet tall, and contains a whopping 40,000 calories . The egg is being raffled for charity by Mr Simms Olde Sweet Shoppe and the winner will be announced this Saturday.
Amish Kansagra became jealous when a man smiled at his topless masseuse girlfriend Anna Imporowicz in a club, and tried to murder her the next day . Kansagra was today convicted of attempted murder at Kingston-upon-Thames Crown Court .
19-year-old Jodie Kelly from Dublin collapses when she laughs due to cataplexy . Cataplexy is a neurological condition that triggers episodes of muscular weakness . Miss Kelly has also been diagnosed with narcolepsy, a long-term condition which disrupts the normal sleeping and waking cycles.
Delta airplane had a close call Thursday, skidding off a snowy runway and stopping within feet of icy waters . National Transportation Safety Board is sending people to investigate . Pilots on previous planes reported "good braking action," according to Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Executive Director Patrick Foye .
Detectives are monitoring four girls at Bethnal Green Academy for signs they may try to travel to Syria to join ISIS . The schoolgirls are on a government warning list after a fellow pupil managed to leave Britain and travel to Syria last month . The family of one of the girls has voiced concerns that letters from counter-terrorism detectives given to the girls but meant for their parents may have prompted them to leave .
The former imperial residence of Schonbrunn Palace in Vienna, Austria, is now offering guests the chance to spend the night in a former suite of an emperor, from just €1,400 a night (£1,000). The suite that will be available for guests to rent offers two opulent bedrooms, a salon, kitchen and two bathrooms, and was once home to Emperor Franz Joseph's private chambers.
Two men are being questioned by police after a retired corrections officer fatally shot a 32-year-old man at a Brooklyn subway station following an argument during rush hour, authorities said. Gilbert Drogheo, from Harlem, was rushed to hospital after being shot on the
A schoolboy had to be rescued by firemen after climbing 40ft up the front of a museum . The naughty 10-year-old stunned teachers when he decided to clamber up the plush stone front of the museum on the school trip with his class . But when he reached the top of a 40ft stone column his 'Spiderboy' adventure came to an end when he burst into tears and was unable to bring himself down .
Chloe Sevigny is an actress and fashion influencer . She posed for the Marfa Journal with just a lobster covering her modesty . The shoot sees the Swedish actress in a whole new light .
Hampshire have signed former West Indies fast bowler Fidel Edwards . Edwards will be registered as a Kolpak player and will arrive at the Ageas Bowl in late July . The 33-year-old from Barbados has played 55 Tests, 50 one-day internationals and 20 Twenty20 games for the Windies .
Rangers' new manager Stuart McCall draws 1-1 in first game in charge against bottom side Livingston . Haris Vuckic fired Rangers into an early lead but Ibra Sekajja hit back for Livi just before half-time . McCall was named as the club's 14th manager earlier in the week and was given a wild welcome by the Ibrox crowd .
Philip Dickens admitted his company, Baumhaus, supplied an unsafe item . The firm produced the Nutkin cot bed which was blamed for incidents where two children 'came very close to very serious harm or death,' . Dickens could now face a jail sentence or a fine of up to £20,000.  The cot bed was recalled in December 2013 after it was deemed a 'trap-hazard' for children.
The ISIS group fed a murdered kidnap victim to his own mother, according to a British fighter who travelled to Iraq to stop the Islamic State. Yasir Abdulla, a security guard from Keighley, West Yorkshire, said he joined hundreds of other Kurdish and Peshmerga forces who are trying to stop the spread of ISIS by patrolling a ten-mile front line in Iraq.
Archaeologists to start digging for King Stephen under school playing field . They hope to follow in the footsteps of those who found Richard III . King Stephen was crowned in 1141 after the death of Henry I .
Bradford City falls to Reading in 3-0 defeat . BBC has been criticised for not giving more coverage to Bradford City . Bradford's Twitter account aimed a tweet at Gary Lineker and Mark Chapham following their last FA Cup win .
Ofcom will canvas the views of thousands of football fans as it probes a complaint by Virgin Media about the way £1.7 billion-a-year Premier League football rights are sold to broadcasters . The regulator is in the midst of an investigation after Virgin argued that the English top flight screened fewer live matches than other top European leagues, contributing to higher prices for pay-TV packages . In an update published on Monday, it said that its probe continued to progress with no decisions reached at this stage and that it was reviewing consumer research it had recently received from Virgin Media.
An artist from Seattle has created a form of street art that is only visible when it is raining. The art, called Rainworks, is made with a nanoscopic surface layer that repels water. The artist, Peregrine Church, hopes that his work will "make the world a more interesting place."
Eastern State Penitentiary was the first prison to use solitary confinement and is now considered one of the most haunted buildings in America. The prison housed notorious criminals like Al Capone and is known for its inhumane treatment of prisoners. The prison closed in 1971 but reopened as a museum in 1996.
Naseer Chawki, an illegal immigrant, sexually assaulted two women on the London Underground . He was detained for more than four years while officials tried to deport him . Chawki has now won a High Court battle against Home Secretary Theresa May . The High Court ruled that he had been illegally held for seven months .
The technology behind LiquiGlide allows for a permanently slippery surface . This makes it ideal for products like ketchup, detergent, and toothpaste . The first company to sign a deal with the inventors of LiquiGlide is Elmers Brand Glue and Adhesives.
Marouane Fellaini has grown from a bit-part player last season to become a vital member of Louis van Gaal's squad. The Belgian midfielder is in the best form of his United career and scored and made an assist in last weekend's 3-0 victory against Tottenham. Fellaini was a 20-year-old with Standard Liege when his outstanding display against Steven Gerrard in a 2008 Champions League qualifier persuaded Everton to buy him 19 days later for a club record £15million.
In a letter to Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker, the White House said a bill he is drafting could have a "profoundly negative impact" on the negotiations between the U.S. and Iran . The legislation could be detrimental to the talks with Iran by "emboldening Iranian hard-liners, inviting a counter-productive response from the Iranian majiles; differentiating the U.S. position from our allies in the negotiations; and once again calling into question our ability to negotiate this deal," White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough wrote .
The video, captured in Largs Bay Beach in South Australia and uploaded to Facebook this week, has received over 430,000 Views and 2,000 likes. The footage offers a fresh perspective to one of his favourite hobbies.
Kristen Williams, a teacher from Ohio, adopted little Durga who was abandoned at birth causing her nose to be eaten by insects. Kristen said: ‘I look at my girls and I’m so happy. I had set out to adopt a child but this journey has brought me so much more. 'I feel so much love for my girls. They’re my world and I can’t wait to start our lives together. To call them my family just fills me with joy.’ Kristen, who is still single having never met the right man, started her adoption journey in Nepal, in 2010.
Katie Ringer set up a fake account to ask for donations for a fictional child's funeral . She also abused a number of victims over the internet, sending them 'vile' photos of dead relatives . Ringer, who has no children, stole photos of other people's children from Facebook to support her 'web of lies', the court heard .
Dean Smith secretly proposed to girlfriend Jennifer Kessel every day for a year . He made a video montage of the 365 proposals and revealed it to her on her birthday . The video started with the proposal from that very day and then went back in time . Dean did it to show Jennifer that he thinks about her every moment of every day .
Silhan Ozcelik, of Holloway, north London, was arrested at Stansted Airport after she arrived on a flight from Germany on January 16 . The 18-year-old is accused of travelling by Eurostar from St Pancras to Brussels on October 27 and then attempting to join the guerrilla army in the Kurdistan Workers' Party - known as the PKK - which is fighting against IS in Syria. Ozcelik is accused of travelling to Belgium on the 8:58 Eurostar from St Pancras International on October 27th last year, the same day she was reported missing by her family.
A former soldier is suing a hospital in Romania after an incorrectly-fitted catheter led to his penis being amputated. Costica Maroleanu, 55, had gone to the County Hospital in the town of Buzau for a kidney operation but a nurse subsequently fitted his catheter incorrectly, causing his genitalia to become severely infected. Doctors amputated his penis in order to save his life.
A Chinese policeman has been killed by a driver who sped off claiming he was being picked on . The officer was dragged along the road by the red BMW after he stopped the driver for trying to turn left in the wrong lane . The driver has been arrested and charged with homicide .
John Williams will not be scoring the music for "Star Wars: Rogue One." Alexandre Desplat has been brought on to score the music for the film instead. This is the first "Star Wars" movie that will not include a John Williams score.
The Chinese government is scrapping millions of cars every year to try and reduce pollution levels. 100,000 vehicles have been taken off the road in one scrap yard in Hangzhou. It is estimated that by 2020, 16 million vehicles will be ready for the scrap heap.
Senator Leyonhjelm has received hate mail and death threats for proposing a bill to legalize same-sex marriage . The bill aims to 'prevent the government from stopping two people from getting married on the grounds that they are not a man and a woman' . The Senator has vowed not to be deterred from having his bill debated .
Ben Youngs has challenged England to set the World Cup standard in their last two competitive Twickenham fixtures before hosting the autumn's global showdown. England host Scotland and France to close their RBS 6 Nations campaign, with Stuart Lancaster's men desperate to atone for the 19-9 Dublin defeat to Ireland. Leicester scrum-half Youngs believes England can still fire a World Cup salvo, even though losing to Ireland surrendered any Grand Slam hopes. England scrum half Ben Youngs fires out a pass during his side's 19-9 loss to Ireland in Dublin . Youngs revealed All Black and 2011 World Cup winner Brad Thorn - now a Leicester team-mate - told the 25-year-old not to fear any Six Nations disappointment will creep into the tilt towards the Webb Ellis Cup. 'I spoke to Brad Thorn and New Zealand lost to Australia in the Tri Nations in 2011 but no-one remembers that,' said Youngs. 'He told me not to beat myself up too much. You haven't won the Grand Slam but the title is still up for grabs. He had been there in 2011. 'We are disappointed not to get the result but we will be delighted if we were to win the championship because it is a very hard thing to win. 'It is really important (to finish the Six Nations strongly). And it is not too dissimilar to how it was coming into Samoa and Australia after losing our first two games in the autumn. Youngs has challenged
Cologne striker Anthony Ujah has apologised for grabbing the club mascot -- a goat -- by the horns during celebrations in their 4-2 Bundesliga victory over Eintracht Frankfurt on Sunday. Ujah ran to the side of the pitch where the goat is positioned during home games, grabbed the animal named Hennes VIII by the horns and attempted to drag it onto the pitch. The animal's handler quickly recovered and pulled the goat back before the forward returned to the pitch as Cologne celebrated their first home win since October.
RAF pilots have been banned from flying new Lightning II fighter jets in a storm over fears it could explode if struck by lightning . The Ministry or Defence said that the stealth F35-B, which has been plagued by design flaws and technical setbacks, could not be flown within 28 miles of a thunderstorm . Last June, an F-35 burst into flames as it was taxiing for take-off at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida, because the engine had cracked during previous flights manoeuvres .
Floyd Mayweather's fight with Manny Pacquiao on May 2 is set to break the half-billion-dollar barrier . Pacquiao, who was a 3/1 shot when betting opened, is now down to 2/1 at best. Mayweather, a red-hot odds-on favourite at 2/7 at the start has cooled to 2/3. Some Vegas casinos are predicting what they call a ‘pick ‘em’ even money fight come the big night on May 2.
Steve Clarke's decision to make nine changes is due to the ridiculous scheduling of Monday’s FA Cup quarter-final replay against Bradford . Some of his Championship counterparts might not be impressed because this undermined the race for Premier League promotion . Young Reading were picked off by Watford, with the blame lying squarely with broadcasting rules which deem domestic cup games cannot be played on the same night as Champions League fixtures .
Rangers are currently on a five-match winless streak and manager Stuart McCall is facing pressure to drop the entire team . McCall has only been in charge for 10 days and has already faced three difficult matches . Hibernian has won their past seven games and are Rangers' direct competitor for promotion .
Ben Ferguson charged that rappers like Trinidad James are profiting off the n-word. James responded that he is not just making money because he uses the n-word. Ferguson said that James would not be on the show if it wasn't for using the n-word in his music.
NEW: Saturday's shooting death is the 7th fatal shooting in the area since Michael Brown . Police say the officer shot Thomas Allen Jr. while he was driving after a routine stop . Allen was shot 3 times, once in the neck, and later died in the hospital .
AppKettle was created by Loughborough University engineering graduates Robert Hill and Richard Hill. It is expected to launch on Kickstarter on 31 March and connects the smart kettle to an app to schedule boils. AppKettle wasn't just designed for new parents, it can also be used to schedule the kettle to be boiled before a user gets home or first thing in the morning, for example.
Australia's squad for the Ashes is packed with pace men and players in their thirties . The squad is experienced and includes Adam Voges and Peter Siddle . Mitchell Johnson will be hoping to terrorise English batsmen like he did last time around . Shane Watson has done the job in the past without ever really making it his own and there’s been talk of Steve Smith moving up the order.
The Old Jameson Distillery is one of the best known whiskey distilleries in the world, despite the fact that it's no longer in operation. Each year, 350,000 tourists pay a visit to the museum. From Cork to County Antrim, there are plenty of other stunning distilleries scattered throughout the Irish countryside to see - and some still produce their high-quality spirits to this day.
Myanmar warplanes fighting rebels dropped a bomb in China, killing four civilians and wounding nine others. China sent fighter jets to patrol their shared border in response. Myanmar has been asked to investigate the incident and ensure safety on the border.
Lionel Messi scored twice as Barcelona won 2-0 at tiny Eibar . The win puts Barcelona four points clear at the top of the Spanish league . Messi has now scored 43 goals this season .
U.S. Representative Aaron Schock is embroiled in a spending controversy after it emerged he used $10,000 of taxpayers' funds to have 10 staffers accompany him on a trip to New York City. The events with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi were September 27 and 28. House disbursement records show he received the $10,053 for 'travel subsistence' between September 26 and 29.
Joyce Garrard, 49, took the stand in her own defense Wednesday in her trial for allegedly killing her 10-year-old granddaughter Savannah Hardin by forcing her to run as punishment for lying about eating candy.  Garrard said she and Savannah had been in the yard picking up sticks and talking, taking frequent breaks to get a drink of water and to play. She said she was telling Savannah the importance of not lying.  Prosecutors say Garrard killed the girl three years ago by making her run as punishment for a lie about candy.  'It was 'more like a jog and not a run,' Garrard maintained. Garrard said Savannah was such an active child, the only way to hold her attention was to keep her moving.
Paul Pogba scored the winning goal for Juventus against Sassuolo . The 21-year-old struck a superb half-volley to break a resilient effort from the visitors . Pogba's goal was his first since January .
Kym and Tonya Illman are from Perth, Australia and have been touring Africa to take pictures of the wildlife . They have been using remote controlled camera buggies, hidden cameras, and quad-copters to get different angles and shots . They are set to launch a 204-page book called Africa on Safari which will feature more than 140 of their finest images .
Prince Andrew’s chances of appearing in a US court over ‘sex slave’ allegations recede last night, after authorities mounted a legal challenge against the woman who claims she slept with him.  Prosecutors have asked a judge in Florida to reject Virginia Roberts’s plea to join a seven-year legal battle being waged by two other women. They are suing the US Government over the lenient treatment of convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein, jailed for 18 months in 2008.
Andre Schurrle has blamed his unimpressive return to the Bundesliga on the lack of training he received during his time at Chelsea . The World Cup winner left Stamford Bridge for Wolfsburg in a £22million deal in January, having previously starred for Mainz and Bayer Leverkusen in the German league. After a bright start, setting up two goals against Hoffenheim on his debut, the 24-year-old admits he is 'stuck in a hole' after failing to make any impact in his last nine games.
Graeme Phillip Harris has been indicted on civil rights charges . The charges are in connection to an incident where a noose was hung on a statue of James Meredith, the first black student at Ole Miss . Harris is no longer enrolled at Ole Miss and has transferred to University of North Georgia .
Real Madrid president Ramon Calderon is backing Carlo Ancelotti after the Italian has come under fire in recent weeks because of his side's poor form . The Champions League holders squeezed past Schalke on Tuesday despite losing 4-3 at home and were booed off by the home fans . But Calderon believes Real would be making a mistake if they got rid of Ancelotti .
The first hearing for Roy Keane's court case will now take place on Wednesday, April 8. The case was put back at the request of the ex-midfielder's representatives. It is alleged that when the cars stopped at traffic lights an 'angry' Keane, who lives in Bowdon, Cheshire, got out and started acting 'very aggressive'.
The main points to remember from this news article are the countries that are being discussed (Yemen, Russia and India), the conservation efforts to help tigers in India, and the fact that a student won a trip to the White House for a short film.
More than 1,500 airline passengers may have been exposed to rubella, after an air stewardess unknowingly contracted the disease. The unnamed China Airlines flight attendant began developing symptoms for the disease - also known as German measles - on March 14. The Chinese Centre for Disease Control (CDC) is now hoping to follow up with 1,558 people who travelled on China Airline's flights between February 21 and February 28. It is thought 686 Taiwan nationals and 872 international passengers came into contact with the stewardess.
Firefighters in Arvada, Colorado find 'my wife is a cheater' scrawled on side of house engulfed in flames . William Lindauer, 31, arrested on arson charges and made his first court appearance on Wednesday . Neighbors said that three young children lived at the home but that they had not seen the woman or her children in weeks .
The 'perfect' female beach body is made up of Jessica Alba’s arms, Taylor Swift’s legs and the stomach of Geordie Shore’s Charlotte Crosby, while men's consists of Chris Hemsworth's arms, Joe Manganiello's abs and David Gandy's legs.
Oscar Pistorius is seen playing football with Radovan Krejcir in prison yard . The two are neighbours on the hospital wing at Kgosi Mampuru prison in Pretoria . Pistorius was jailed for five years for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp .
Everton players appear in buoyant mood ahead of Europa League clash with Dynamo Kiev . Lead 2-1 going into second leg of last 16 tie and were full of smiles boarding plane to Ukraine . Toffees forward Romelu Lukaku took a number of snaps and posed for selfies with strike partner Arouna Kone and Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard . The Belgium international also stopped for pictures on arrival in the Ukrainian capital.
Jelena Jankovic eased into the last four at the BNP Paribas Open when Ukrainian qualifier Lesia Tsurenko retired from their quarter-final with an ankle injury while trailing 6-1, 4-1.  Jankovic will take on either reigning champion Flavia Pennetta of Italy or Germany's Angelique Kerber in the semi-finals.
Anis Ben-Hatira scored for Hertha Berlin against Schalke, then celebrated by donning a Spiderman mask in support of an 8-year-old fan battling cancer . The Tunisia international has been visiting the stricken youngster at a Berlin hospital since October, when the two made a pact to fight the illness together . While Ben-Hatira was cautioned for his celebration, Jannik received a rapturous response from the crowd before being allowed on the pitch to meet some of his own heroes.
U.S. District Judge Terrence Berg was shot in front of his home in Detroit . Police say it was likely during a robbery attempt and that Berg was shot in the leg . Berg was nominated by President Obama to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan in April 2012.
Helen Dugan, a third-degree black belt, leads karate classes at the school she set up, Champs Achievers, despite passing the milestone . Dugan only took up the sport when she took two of her children to a class at the age of 47 . Dugan, who has been married to husband Barney for 57 years, took karate classes for 14 years, earning her black belt at the age of 61 . Inspired to pass on her expertise to others, the mother-of-five set up a non-profit karate class called Champs aimed at helping those with a disability .
The receivers are conducting an investigation into the affairs of the company. Peter Pannu, Birmingham's former acting chairman, has been removed from the BIHL board. Two others, Cheung Kwai Nang and Carson Wong Ka Chun, have also been suspended. Panos Pavlakis, who is effectively managing director at the club, has resigned but remains a director at St Andrew's.
Jimmy Page has hired architects and engineers to say how Robbie Williams' basement pool could destroy his 'irreplaceable' home. The Led Zeppelin guitarist's biggest fear is that vibrations from the building works could harm his 1870s home. In his latest objection to Kensington and Chelsea Council, Mr Page wrote: 'Similar schemes have been carried out on other properties in the area locally and each time the level of vibration cause during the works has caused concern about the effect on decorative finishes of [my] house.
A man in Texas who's required to pay child support for a girl he's not related to still owes the state $21,000 in back payments. The man, Willie Carson, has had his wages garnished for some 13 years because he was erroneously included on the girl's birth certificate. Carson has a court appearance on Monday in hopes that he'll be saved from losing all his hard earned cash.
Harry Kane scored his first England goal in a Euro Qualifier match against Lithuania . The goal was his 30th of the season , 29 for his club and 1 for his country at senior level . Kane has been on a hot streak lately , and the goal was his first in England's 4-0 win .
Aljaz Bedene is originally from Slovenia but is now a UK citizen . The 25-year-old will formally receive his passport within the next two weeks . Bedene's career-high ranking was No 71 in February 2013 and he reached his first ATP tour final earlier this year .
Real Madrid falls to Athletic Bilbao 1-0, AC Milan draws with Verona 2-2 . Corriere dello Sport's headline reads: 'No future for Inzaghi' while 'Freefall' is the headline in Marca . In Spain, 'Freefall' is the headline in Marca. 'No future for Inzaghi' reads the headline in Sunday's Corriere dello Sport after AC Milan drew 2-2 with Verona .
A homeless person stole a man's blanket and wrote a funny apology note . The note was signed 'blankt [sic] thief' with a smiley face, before adding: 'P.S. the blank [sic] is really itchy.'  Mr Palin said he had accepted the apology but warned the thief to 'keep out of my car' in future.
Parents at Bellbridge Primary School in Hoppers Crossing, south-west Melbourne, have expressed their outrage after learning that students have been punished for using the bathroom during lesson time. Some students have reportedly wet themselves in class as a result, while others have had to record their bathroom breaks on class whiteboards for their peers to see. The school has been made aware of the issue but has yet to take action.
The build-up to Manchester United’s FA Cup quarter-final against Arsenal has rekindled memories of their epic encounter in 1999 . United’s semi-final victory at Villa Park that night came to epitomise Sir Alex Ferguson’s Treble-winning team . As United prepare to face the Gunners again, their supporters are growing disillusioned by the brand of football being offered up by Louis van Gaal’s team . Whether it’s down to a three-man defence, a midfield diamond, or simply a case of launching high balls up to Marouane Fellaini, United simply haven’t been very entertaining this season .
4-year-old Violeta Khachaturyan was killed in a hit-and-run while playing in her front yard . Neighbors and family pleaded for the driver to come forward and Shant Badleean surrendered to police on Saturday.
The image shows four-year-old Adi Hudea frozen in fear with her arms raised and her lips tightly pursed. The child has been identified as Adi Hudea, whose father died in the 2012 Hama massacre and who has been living with her traumatised mother and three siblings at Camp Atmen ever since.
The gold and white dress has raised over £2,700 for charity . The dress was originally made by Roman Originals, who decided to auction it off to help out a good cause . The winning bidder was Tomas Petru, a business man from the Czech Republic . The original black and blue lace dress which created the internet sensation divided the world about what colour it actually was.
Martin Keown answered questions from readers after Chelsea's Champions League loss to PSG and Arsenal's FA Cup win over Manchester United. He discussed the referee's performance, Zlatan Ibrahimovic's comments, David Luiz's return, and whether the Premier League is still the best in the world.
Yanis Varoufakis has been accused of making an offensive gesture with his middle finger during a speech he gave in 2013 about the country's finances, and mentioning Germany. He is alleged to have made the offensive gesture before he was appointed as finance minister, and Varoufakis has denied sticking up his finger. The minister claims the footage has been doctored.
Celtic has won the League Cup four times since 1997-98 . Celtic's manager Ronny Deila has pledged to win a Treble this season . Deila believes that winning the League Cup would be huge for the club .
Bus driver falls asleep at the wheel and crashes into traffic in Michigan . CCTV footage shows the driver slowly drifting off and then slamming on the brakes . The driver is seen steering the bus into the hard shoulder to avoid further damage .
Harry Kane has scored more goals than Manchester United's entire attack this season . Kane has 26 goals in all competitions, while United's Wayne Rooney, Robin van Persie, and Radamel Falcao have only 25 total . Spurs are having no such issues up front as Kane's superb form has earned him a call-up to the England senior team.
Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been ordered to stand trial over her role in a controversial rice subsidy scheme that cost the country billions . The first court hearing will take place on May 19. If found guilty, she could face up to 10 years in prison.
Harry Kane scored a hat-trick in Tottenham's win against Leicester on Saturday . The striker is now the Premier League's leading goalscorer with 29 goals . Kane is expected to make his England debut in either Friday’s Euro 2016 qualifier against Lithuania or the friendly against Italy a few days later .
Sam Allardyce is the manager of West Ham United . West Ham have won one Barclays Premier League match in 12 . Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season .
Fast food giant Domino’s is selling ‘Frankenfood’ pizzas made with GM soya bean oil and maize flour to customers while claiming to be ‘GM-free’ on its website. Waitrose has also been selling imported American confectionery which contains GM sugar beet and a soya derivative. Marks & Spencer has been stocking American sauces and cookies containing GM soya and corn. The double-dealing has been identified by GM Freeze, which is campaigning to raise awareness about how GM foods are creeping into the national diet without the knowledge and approval of consumers.
Witnesses say the homeless man was not trying to shoot the police when they killed him. The officers are now compiling more evidence of the incident, including footage from a police body cam and surveillance cameras. More witnesses are also thought to have filmed the killing on their cell phones.
Thomas, a tomcat, was left with horrific injuries when a cabinet fell on him . Vet compared the cat to the sci-fi cyborg played by Arnold Schwarzenegger . Pet lovers have raised £4,000 to rebuild the face of the cat, nicknamed 'the Purr-minator' .
The author is driving a pillar-box red, open-top Chevrolet in Cuba . He notes that the car is in poor condition, but it is still going and is a lot of fun . He argues that the real reason to visit Cuba now is because the Cuban people are remarkably kind, honest, and polite .
Ben Fogle takes CNN correspondent Richard Quest on a tour of Ecuador, where his love of adventure and travel began. The two visit the Amazon jungle, the Andes, and the beaches, among other places. Ben shares his tips for enjoying a trip to Ecuador, including trying new food and embracing the local culture.
Two teenagers have been arrested for tying a dog to railroad tracks and shooting it . The dog, a one-year-old pit bull mix, was bought from her owners for use in dog fights but was found to be 'too sweet tempered to fight' .
A drunk man who was upset with police filming him squirted pepper spray in an officer's eyes and has been arrested . The officer was taken to hospital and was off work for at least a week . The man will be facing assault charges and is being held in custody .
Apple has apologised for a 12-hour outage that left customers without access to some of its most popular online services, including the App Store and iTunes. The company said the fault was caused by an internal DNS error.
The new book, titled Leading, will give insight into the pivotal leadership decisions of Ferguson's career and will be co-authored with Sir Michael Moritz . The book is set to be released in the autumn and will come after the success of Ferguson's first autobiography, which was published in October 2013 and became the biggest-selling book of that year . Ferguson continues to profit from his huge success in football, with his role as a club ambassador for Manchester United earning him more than £2 million a year.
Fiorentina scored three goals in the opening 22 minutes to beat Roma 3-0 . The match-up was 4-1 on aggregate . Roma's season is falling apart, with the team having fallen 14 points behind Serie A leader Juventus in the Italian league and at risk of losing second place.
Peter Abetz, a WA state government MLA, is concerned that the Safe Schools Coalition Australia program would elevate LGBTI children to 'celebrity' status. He said 'no one' should have to tolerate bullying but campaigns targeting gay, lesbian and transgender students could lead to more bullying in schools overall. Prominent gay rights advocate and Tasmanian of the Year Rodney Croome blasted Mr Abetz's remarks, saying that he is 'reinforcing exactly the same myths, prejudices that the Safe Schools Program is designed to challenge.'
Walters made comments after Manchester United's Jonny Evans and Newcastle United's Papiss Cisse were charged by the FA for spitting at each other . The Stoke City forward said that anyone who spat at him would be 'eating through a straw' .
A fishmonger has been sentenced to death by hanging for the murder of two British medical students who were stabbed to death in Malaysia.  Aidan Brunger and Neil Dalton, both 22, were attacked in a bar in Kuching, Borneo, in August while on a work placement at a nearby hospital.  Zulkipli Abdullah, 23, had denied murdering the Newcastle University students but admitted being part of a brawl with them and two other people.
Abdulbaki Todashev, father of Ibragim Todashev, is suing FBI for $30 million . Todashev will file a notice of claim in the death of his son, who was shot by Special Agent Aaron McFarlane . The claim will lead to a wrongful death lawsuit, and the elder Todashev is also alleging negligence by the FBI for hiring McFarlane .
Dan Tuohy has been called into the training squad for Ireland's drive towards the Six Nations Grand Slam . The 29-year-old has missed Ireland's entire Six Nations campaign so far after damaging thumb ligaments in January . Tuohy will find it tough going to break the match day 23 for the Millennium Stadium clash, with captain Paul O'Connell and Devin Toner inked in to start, and Iain Henderson impressing from the bench .
The five-man gang all face lengthy jail terms after admitting the burglaries across Lincolnshire, Norfolk, Cambridgeshire and Suffolk in 2012 . The men were only caught after they were convicted of another violent robbery . Upton, Stanley, John Smith and Albert Smith were each jailed for 10 years for an attack on an isolated farm in October 2012.
The names of two Missouri police commanders who resigned from their positions in the Ferguson Police Department over racist emails have been released amid the U.S. Department of Justice's  investigation into the police department.  Sgt. William Mudd and Capt. Rick Henke resigned Thursday and City Court Clerk Mary Ann Twitty was fired Wednesday.
Levi Pettit publicly apologized for leading a racist chant in a leaked video . He is meeting with state Senator Anastasia Pittman, who accepted his apology but said he needs to do more . Pettit said he is sorry for the pain he caused and wants forgiveness . He said he never considered himself a racist and did not know the words he was using were wrong .
Peter Crouch is a 34-year-old striker who is currently playing for Stoke . Crouch took to Twitter to give glimpse a fans of his wild photo shoot on Sunday as he poses with a tiger .
The world's best beach, according to TripAdvisor, is Baia do Sancho in Brazil. Other top beaches include Grace Bay in Turks and Caicos, Rabbit Beach in Italy, and Playa Paraiso Beach in Cuba. In the United States, Florida beaches are gaining in popularity, with six beaches in the top 10.
Oprah Winfrey plans to auction off 500 belongings from her Chicago apartment next month . The items will be previewed starting April 16, with bidding starting on April 25 . The proceeds from the auction will go towards Oprah's Leadership Academy Foundation .
Nicky Morgan has not attended a major union conference , earning her criticism from the ATL . This is the first year in recent history where there will be no representative MP from the Government . Mary Bousted, general secretary of NASUWT, said it gave 'such a bad message' that Mrs Morgan would not go to the major union conference .
West Ham United is on a mid-season break in Dubai . The team has spent time playing tennis and relaxing in the 30 degree heat, and Monday saw them take to the shopping mall for some last-minute spending before they return home . Cheikhou Kouyate, who joined the east London club for £7million in the summer, was one of the players in attendance .
Emino joins ISIS, posts picture with goat . Wannabe rapper was once critical of Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's regime . At least three other failed rappers have joined ISIS over the last few years .
Van Gaal has changed his mind over his side's main aim this season . The Dutchman is now prioritising Champions League qualification over winning the FA Cup . Van Gaal said back in February that winning the FA Cup was his side's main objective .
McDonald's workers in 19 cities have filed complaints over burns from popping grease, a lack of protective equipment and other workplace hazards . The complaints are the latest move in an ongoing campaign to win pay of $15 an hour and unionization for fast-food workers by publicly pressuring McDonald's to come to the bargaining table . In a statement, McDonald's Corp. said the company and its independent franchisees are committed to providing safe working conditions for employees, and will review the allegations.
The Princeton women's basketball team had some presidential support in the stands as they beat Wisconsin-Green Bay at their first NCAA tournament game on Saturday. Barack Obama was on hand to cheer for his niece Leslie Robinson, a freshman forward for the team.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose or sinus cavities . He is one of only 37 people who have been born with complete congenital arhinia . Eli's mother Brandi McGlathery has been tracking his progress on a Facebook page titled 'Eli's Journey,' which already has over 4,000 likes .
Sunderland's American owner Ellis Short elected to twist and fired the club's Uruguayan manager Gus Poyet . Poyet was sacked after a poor run of form that saw the north east outfit lose to Aston Villa . Short and Sunderland are trying to protect the $106m it earned last season and prepare for the new television deal in 2016 .
Englishman Brian Davis leads the Valspar Championship in Florida by one stroke . He shot a 65, eight birdies and two bogeys, on the Copperhead course . Sean O'Hair and Ricky Barnes are one stroke behind in second place .
Australian scientists have made a major breakthrough in treating Alzheimer's . The treatment attacks the neurotoxic amyloid plaques that cause memory loss . Researchers hope to be able to trial their new 'cheap and mobile' ultrasound device within two years on humans .
The Vatican is on alert in case of an attack by Islamist militants against the city-state or Pope Francis, but officials are not aware of any specific plot, the head of Vatican security said. Domenico Giani told an Italian police magazine that the threat from Islamic State militants is credible, but that there is no specific plan to attack the Vatican or the Pope. Giani has a force of some 130 agents protecting most of the Vatican and the Pope, with the help of the more ceremonial Swiss Guard. The Italian police guard the exterior, as well as St. Peter's Square.
A Morecambe U18s striker knocks out Oldham Under 18s starlet Jack Tuohy with a right fist to the temple . The punch sends Tuohy crashing to the turf and seemingly unconscious . The dramatic clip was taken during the second-half of Oldham's 7-2 victory over Morecambe at the club's Chapel Road Training Ground on Saturday .
Sam Smith has lost 14 pounds and is crediting author Amelia Freer . Smith gave her a shoutout on an Instagram photo that shows his weight loss . Freer is a nutritional expert and writer of the book "Eat. Nourish. Glow."
In 2 or 3 sentences, what are the main points one should remember from this news article?  Zully Broussard decided to give one of her kidneys to a stranger, which resulted in six patients receiving transplants. This was made possible by data processing of genetic profiles from donor-recipient pairs. The chain of surgeries is to be wrapped up Friday.
Children in Yemen lock 10-year-old boy in cage and attempt to burn him to death . The attack is believed to have been inspired by ISIS murders . The boy was saved by locals but sustained burn injuries .
A top Department of Homeland Security official improperly used his influence to help Tony Rodham – Hillary Clinton's youngest brother – with visas for his company's foreign investors, according to a new inspector general report. Investigators said Alejandro Mayorkas helped efforts to secure the visas in ways that created the appearance of favoritism and special access. He also helped Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe's green-car venture in 'unprecedented' fashion, according to the inspector general, and a casino company whose success was a pet project of then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. Mayorkas was at the time in charge of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Mrs. Clinton's latest 'brother eruption' could complicate her quest for the White House.
Savannah Guthrie is temporarily taking over for Lester Holt on NBC Nightly News while he deals with a family emergency. Guthrie, a former attorney, is currently contracted to host Today until 2018. Viewer ratings for NBC's newscast have shot up since Holt began filling in for Brian Williams.
The "Walking Dead" companion series will join the flagship series on AMC . The drama will premiere on AMC in the "late summer" and will consist of six hourlong episodes . The series is a prequel that takes place in Los Angeles at the onset of the zombie outbreak .
A hound called Coco is at the center of an international custody battle . The dog was found by a couple on a beach in Aruba last October and they took her back to the US . However, a woman from Aruba has claimed that the dog is actually hers and has set up a Facebook page to support her claim . The O'Connells have launched a crowd-funding page to help pay their legal bill and keep the dog stateside .
Nimes will be relegated at the end of the season following a match-fixing scandal . The scandal was uncovered after an investigation into a 1-1 draw between Nimes and Caen last May . Preliminary charges of corruption have been filed against Caen president Jean-Francois Fortin and Nimes' former club president Jean-Marc Conrad .
Students are being targeted on social media by escort agencies offering highly paid work. Lap dancing can earn students between £50 and £800 per night, according to research by the University of Leeds. Escorts can earn thousands of pounds per week. Saffron Gold is an escort agency near Manchester. It posted adverts in student groups including ‘Manchester and Salford University students’ and ‘University of Manchester – Freshers 2013/2014’ at the beginning of Freshers' Week. Men are more likely to perform from their bedrooms on webcams, which can earn them up to £100 per hour, The Times reported.
William Link of the U.S. Geological Survey captured a moment involving a mother Weddell seal and her pup back in October . Link was helping researchers tag newborn seal pups when he saw the baby seal cuddle up and plant a kiss on the side of the mom's face . The Weddell seal population of Erebus Bay, Antarctica has been extensively studied for over 40 years .
Dozens of pupils given detentions for watching solar eclipse at school . School had organised an eclipse-based project with younger pupils but told the rest of the school to stay indoors . Pupils in one class revolted and skipped lessons to watch the eclipse, against school orders .
Nicola Adams and Lisa Whiteside will compete in the English national championships from April 24 to 26 . This will be the first time Adams has competed in the Championships since 2007 . A victory for Whiteside would leave the Great Britain selectors with a major headache ahead of confirmation of the team to go to Brazil in 2016.
Neil Lennon thinks it is essential that Rangers win promotion back to the Scottish top flight . Lennon, who used to manage Celtic, believes Scottish football is struggling due to lack of competition . He says that when he was at Celtic, they had to sell key players due to the financial situation in the Scottish Premiership .
The Rev. Hyeon Soo Lim, 60, went to North Korea on a humanitarian trip . On January 30, Lim traveled to North Korea from China with a companion from the church who last spoke with him the following day. Lim was scheduled to return February 4 from what was described as a "routine" trip to Rajin, in northeastern North Korea, where his church supports a nursery, orphanage and nursing home, according to the Light Korean Presbyterian Church. The church has formally requested help in finding Lim from Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs, and has contacted the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang, which provides consular help for citizens of the United States, Canada and Australia, which do not have diplomatic ties with North Korea.
Hillary Clinton used her iPad as well as a BlackBerry handset while she was secretary of state . The State Department has released four emails which appear to show Mrs Clinton mixing personal and professional emails as well as sending correspondence from her iPad . Mrs Clinton has faced criticism over her decision to use her own personal 'clintonmail' email address which was run from a server housed at her New York home .
Holwood House is on the market for £12 million . The sprawling seven-bedroom mansion is in the village of Keston, Kent . The house has a long and illustrious history, having been owned by a former prime minister and hosting Sir Winston Churchill for regular lunches .
Former England international Rio Ferdinand says we should just be enjoying being around Cristano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, two of the world's greatest ever players. Messi and Ronaldo are this season's top scorers in La Liga, with 32 and 31 goals respectively with 10 games to go.
An American health care worker with Ebola arrived at NIH hospital in Maryland . The person tested positive for Ebola while volunteering at an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone . The patient is in serious condition and is the second with Ebola admitted to the NIH hospital.
Gutierrez made emotional return to St James' Park after beating cancer . He had been building fitness with the Under-21s and was named on the bench for the first time last weekend . Gutierrez finally made his first appearance in black and white in 17 months when he emerged midway through the second half as replacement for Ryan Taylor.
Thierry Henry went undercover as a supply teacher at Pen-Y-Dre High School . He wore a black wig and glasses in an attempt to fool the class in Merthyr Tydfil . Henry was appearing on his first appointment as a Sky Academy Ambassador .
Ed Miliband has claimed that Tory spending cuts will take Britain back to the days when children left school at 14. He has also claimed that the election is a choice between a party working for the 'good of some or the good of all'.
NEW: Matt Hofenbredl won a wrestling state title as his grandfather had a fatal heart attack in the stands . NEW: His mother ran on to the mat to tell him what had happened and he then ran to where his grandfather was . Assistant Coach Josh Christenson, who is also a firefighter, was performing CPR on the 70-year-old .
PM David Cameron has said he would not bid for a third term . Cameron's announcement is a bombshell because there is no historical precedent . Most previous leaders tried to cling on to power as long as possible .
Venezuela has declared the United States an 'imminent danger' . 80,000 military staff and 20,000 civilians took to the streets of Caracas in anti-American protests . Yesterday Venezuela's parliament approved a law giving Maduro the power to legislate by decree for nine months .
ISIS fighters have been showing off their poor culinary skills on social media . Fish and chips is the most popular dish badly cooked by homesick jihadis . Soggy chips, tough meat, and dry bread are common features of ISIS fighter's meals .
Serge Aurier is being disciplinary action by UEFA for a video he posted on Facebook criticizing the officiating in PSG's Champions League tie with Chelsea. In the video, Aurier called the referee a "dirty son of a bitch." The case will be dealt with by the UEFA Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body on March 19.
Karrueche Tran has broken up with Chris Brown after claims he fathered a child with another woman . The 26-year-old model and socialite dumped the singer on Twitter, writing: 'Listen. One can only take so much. The best of luck to Chris and his family.' . It is unclear if Brown, 25, was on a break during his tumultuous relationship with Karrueche when he allegedly fathered the nine-month-old child.
More than a dozen homes were raided in a crackdown on so-called 'maternity tourism' operators who arrange for pregnant Chinese women to give birth in the U.S. The crackdown on three alleged maternity tourism rings may be the biggest yet by federal homeland security agents . Birth tourism has been reported from a range of countries, but authorities say the most recent cases in California have catered to wealthy Chinese amid a boom in tourism from mainland China.
Super midwife Kathleen McSherry has retired after delivering a record 7,000 babies . Colleagues believe Kathleen has notched up more births than any other British midwife in a career spanning six decades . Kathleen has spent her career in the bustling maternity wards of three busy Glasgow hospitals - Stobhill, The Queen Mother's and the Southern General .
Barcelona will play Rayo Vallecano without Neymar, who is suspended . Pedro will replace Neymar in the starting lineup . Neymar has been in good form, scoring two goals in Barcelona's 3-1 win against Villarreal on Wednesday .
Nick Bain was unpacking his Tesco shopping when he noticed a mouse in one of the bags . The mouse ran around his kitchen and disappeared into a hole before being caught by pest control . Tesco sent a team of pest control experts, refunded and replaced the shopping, and sent Mr Bain's wife a large bouquet of flowers to apologise.
The Prime Minister will condemn 'warped' sense of political correctness which prevented council staff from reporting abuse for fear of appearing racist . Teachers, social workers and councillors who turn a blind eye to child sex abuse will face up to five years in jail under plans for a new criminal offence. It comes as David Cameron today vows to eradicate the ‘culture of denial’ surrounding the issue.
Victor Arden Barnard, an American pastor, was arrested by Brazilian authorities on Friday for 59 counts of sexual assaults in Minnesota. The 53-year-old suspect was last seen in the United States in Raymond, Washington, in 2014 and was featured on CNN's "The Hunt With John Walsh" in 2014 and again earlier this week. As a pastor, Victor Barnard inspired his congregants with his charisma and apparent devotion to the teachings of Jesus Christ.
The number of homes in which no one has a job has fallen by more than 600,000 since 2010 . Official figures out yesterday also show a decline in families living wholly off state handouts . Iain Duncan Smith's reforms are nudging more welfare claimants into jobs .
Laura Robson is set to begin her comeback from a 14-month injury lay-off by playing in the Miami Open . The 21-year-old's name also no longer appears on the entry list for next week's WTA Tour event in Indian Wells but she has been given a wild card into qualifying in Miami in a fortnight's time. Wrist injuries are notoriously troublesome for tennis players and Robson's team's focus has always been on ensuring the Londoner is not rushed back before she is ready.
Child rapist Andrew Horrocks delivered post to schools for more than a year . This was because a criminal records blunder led to his conviction being missed . The convicted sex offender had two schools in his rounds . He was sacked this week after the company was alerted to his conviction .
CNN's Don Lemon interviewed James Moore, a member of the Ku Klux Klan, about recent racist incidents in America . The exchange started with Moore claiming there were double standards when it came to race relations in universities saying he had the right to freedom of association . The interview saw people criticise CNN and Mr Lemon on Twitter for giving a platform to an organisation with such views .
Jooney Woodward's "Best in Show" is a documentation of agricultural competitions in England and Wales . Woodward's work stands out for its distinctive portraiture style . The "Best in Show" portraits lead viewers down a winding pathway to ponder those inexplicable yet noticeable connections and bonds that exist between the handlers and their animals .
Shakhtar Donetsk is planning to sell Douglas Costa for £25 million . Chelsea, Real Madrid, Barcelona, Arsenal, Manchester United, and Liverpool are all interested in the midfielder . Costa has dual Brazilian and Portuguese nationality, so he would not have any problems with a work permit .
The current generation of young people is the most confused about sex ever because of pornography, according to a psychotherapist.  Philippa Perry, 57, has claimed that easy access to explicit videos and images has left many young people unable to have normal and healthy relationships.
Colin Hendry is fighting a drink driving ban after blaming it on 'rare' metabolism . The 49-year old was stopped by police and failed a breathalyzer test . Hendry's lawyer says the amount of alcohol he drank shouldn't have put him over the limit .
Olmert was convicted of unlawfully accepting money from a U.S. supporter in a retrial of corruption charges . He could now be given five years in prison - in addition to a six-year sentence he received in 2014 for a separate bribery conviction . Following the verdict Uri Korev, prosecuting, said: 'His behaviour constitutes a breach of trust which harms the public, harms morality and harms the public's trust in how he behaved corruptly .'
Christy O'Donnell is a 46-year-old attorney and single mom who is battling terminal lung cancer that has spread to her brain. O'Donnell is now using what time she has left to support a  Death with Dignity law in California, having been inspired by Brittany Maynard, the 29-year-old California woman who moved to Oregon to take her own life last year, ending a long battle with brain cancer.
Dr Karen Bettez Halnon, 52, was arrested after lighting a cigarette and ranting about President Obama . She has been removed from teaching at Pennsylvania State University Abington . Dr Halnon said she used the moment to protest 'US military global domination,' and claimed the country was responsible for giving her hero Hugo Chavez cancer.
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida is accused of killing Shelby Fazio and her dog last October. The trial has been delayed after Santana's lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial. Santana is accused of strangling Fazio with a belt before stabbing her in the neck with a pen and then having sex with her corpse.
Turia Pitt marks new milestone in her recovery after another harrowing health scare . In recent weeks, surgeons successfully constructed a new nose for the 27-year-old bushfire survivor . But her family were on edge throughout the entire procedure, with Ms Pitt telling Woman's Day she stopped breathing during the operation .
It seems that even the spirits of the dead are making an appearance after two teenagers spotted what seems to be a ghostly girl in the background of a Snapchat selfie. Bethany Harvey, from Northern Ireland, took a picture of herself, her baby nephew and her sister to show friends, but later noticed what seemed to be a little girl's torso in the background. Closer inspection revealed what looked like a young girl wearing a purple dress sitting down with her hands folded neatly in her lap.
In 2 or 3 sentences, what are the main points one should remember from this news article?  Article: Roy Keane has the ‘broad shoulders and mental toughness’ required to manage Manchester United, according to his former Old Trafford engine room colleague, Paul Ince. Ince, 47, a double-winner with Keane at United in 1994, on Thursday hailed the Irish assistant manager as ‘a leader of men.’ ‘I speak to Roy and he does want to get back in (to management) but at the right establishment, with the right project. Roy Keane is not a number two, Roy Keane is a leader of men,’ said Ince.  In 2 or 3 sentences, the main points to remember from this news article are that Roy Keane is a former Manchester United player who is now an assistant manager, and that Paul Ince, another former Manchester United player, believes that Keane has the qualities required to be a successful manager.
Rafael Nadal into third round of Miami Open after straight-sets win over Nicolas Almagro . Heather Watson to resume match against Angelique Kerber on Saturday . Andy Murray also won in straight sets to advance to third round .
The Quantum of the Seas is a new $1 billion cruise ship from Royal Caribbean. The ship features a number of unique amenities, including bumper cars, a skydive simulator, and a bionic bar. The ship also has 19 restaurants, including one inspired by Lewis Carroll's Wonderland.
A farmer in China is building a submarine by hand after investing his life savings in the project . The self-taught former miner has finished building an escape pod and managed to install a power source. He even invented a hydraulic drainage and dual propeller system, which has been patented nationally. He is awaiting a periscope - but hopes he will be able to put the sub in the water this summer.
Indiana man Kenneth Harden was charged with nearly 40 felonies last year but will only serve two years in jail after his wife changed her statement.
Karma Elms has been sentenced to 2 years jail after stealing nearly $40,000 in overtime . The offence saw 36-year-old, Karma Elms scam the Health department out of $39,352 over 15 months . Elms has not yet repaid the debt and is on the brink of bankruptcy .
The match-winning hero of the 1979 FA Cup final between Manchester United and Arsenal will be watching in solitude two thousand miles away in Malta . Former Gunners striker Alan Sunderland emigrated there 20 years ago after his life in England turned sour but he still follows Arsenal’s fortunes and returns two or three times a year as a guest of the club . Sunderland, 61, scored the winning goal in Arsenal's 3-2 victory over United in the final .
Drug addict Nicholas Lovell was speeding in his Citroen Picasso when he ploughed into Ross and Clare Simons, who were riding a tandem bike . The couple, from Bristol, were pronounced dead at the scene . Lovell - who has 69 previous convictions - was later jailed for just ten-and-a-half years for causing their deaths .
Scientists at NASA are one step closer to understanding how much water could have existed on primeval Mars . These new findings also indicate how primitive water reservoirs there could have evolved over billions of years, indicating that early oceans on the Red Planet might have held more water than Earth's Arctic Ocean, NASA scientists reveal in a study published Friday in the journal Science . To find answers to this age-old question about Martian water molecules, scientists used the world's three major infrared telescopes, in Chile and Hawaii, to measure traces of water in the planet's atmosphere over a range of areas and seasons, spanning from March 2008 to January 2014.
Kayla Itsines, 23, the brains behind the popular Bikini Body Guide, her partner and company lodged a lawsuit last month alleging that Leanne Ratcliffe, better known as Freelee the Banana Girl, and her vegan partner Harley Johnstone, known as Durianrider, had defamed them in a series of online posts.
John Kerry tries to stop feud over Benjamin Netanyahu's speech to Congress from escalating . Netanyahu's speech was set up without the blessing of the Obama administration . The speech could dash Obama's hopes in the negotiations with Iran . Kerry played up U.S.-Israeli unity in an interview on Sunday for ABC's This Week show .
The car used in the Herbie the Love Bug film series just sold on eBay for $32,100 . The car was used in the 1980 film Herbie Goes Bananas and is one of 23 cars to be featured in the film . The car has a remote control that allows his headlights to move from side to side, his front blinkers to blink, his horn to honk, and his windshield squirter to spray at people as they walk by.
Fritz the golden retriever's owner collated  the canine's failed attempts to catch different food items in slow motion . The dog looks composed before the first item comes its way but fails to catch it , with similar results for a doughnut, meatball, taco, and strawberry . The video concludes with a moment of success as the golden retriever manages to catch a single piece of popcorn .
Caroline Hopkins lost divorce battle because she signed 'post-nuptial agreement' . The agreement entitled her to two properties, £350,000 and a share of her ex-husband's pension . She claimed her ex-husband was worth £54.3 million, although he put the figure at £38.4 million .
In an extraordinary speech in London, Scotland’s first minister Nicola Sturgeon claimed voters across the UK would welcome her party’s influence at Westminster, saying she would end austerity. Labour leader Ed Miliband said a formal coalition with the SNP 'will not happen' - but failed to rule out forming a looser alliance on a vote-by-vote basis. The Labour leader said there would be ‘no SNP ministers’ in any government he leads after May’s general election. Ms Sturgeon, appearing on ITV's Lorraine show, claimed that if Labour ruled out a deal with the SNP they would be saying they were happy to see David Cameron as Prime Minister.
The stamp by Steven Gerrard against Manchester United was no more than a petulant irritant which threatened no real damage but he was rightly sent off and roundly castigated by football at large. The rugby snobs are fond of saying that that football is a game for gentlemen played by thugs. Not so when seen in the context of Mr Gerrard’s words of contrition for a rare blood-rush late in his honourable career.  England lock Courtney Lawes made a bonecrunching hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson which crumpled Plisson in the aftermath. The general reaction at Anfield was concern that an idol may have dented his legacy a little in one of his last big matches in this country. At Twickenham even the low-swinging charioteers gasped in horror as Lawes came close to cutting in two French fly half Jules Plisson.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum hopes Sunday's Cricket World Cup final in Melbourne will be a 'big fairytale finish' to the international career of Daniel Vettori. Vettori has announced Sunday's match against either Australia or India will be the last of his international career. He will retire as New Zealand's most-capped Test player - with 113 matches - and one-day internationals - Sunday's match will be his 291st for New Zealand and he needs three more dismissals Sunday to finish with 300 ODI wickets.
Entertainers, actors, and priests now claimed to be part of VIP child abuse ring . Scotland Yard stands accused of covering up the paedophiles for over 30 years . The police watchdog has added three alleged paedophilia cover-ups by the Metropolitan Police to the investigation, bring the total to 17 .
Theresa May is better liked than Boris Johnson among Conservative candidates for future MPs, according to a survey . May is seen as a possible future leader by one in four of those surveyed . Johnson is thought to be a 'faintly ridiculous figure' by May .
The clocks have gone forward, so it's time to make the most of the longer days . We reveal where you can explore remote islands surrounded by turquoise waters, eat your way through top food festivals and join a Tudor knees-up to celebrate the Bard...
President Vladimir Putin awarded medals to Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov and to Andrei Lugovoi, the suspect in the murder of former Russian security agent Alexander Litvinenko, among more than 30 other honorees. Kadyrov was given the Order of Merit and Lugovoi was given a second-class medal of the Order of Merit for the Motherland.
Liam Gallagher was fined $5,000 for failing to appear at a child custody hearing. Liam Gallagher was today hit with a second $5,000 fine by a New York judge. The lawyer for Liza Ghorbani, Mr Gallagher’s baby mother, said that Mr Gallagher had not turned up for a deposition he was supposed to give last month either.
A Service of Commemoration, Reflection and Remembrance was held at St. Paul's Cathedral to honor Britain's 13-year action in Afghanistan . The Queen led the nation's tribute, supported by the Duke of Edinburgh, and was joined by the families of every member of the Armed Forces killed in the line of duty in Afghanistan .
America's Skid Row is in downtown Los Angeles and is home to nation's biggest concentration of homeless people . An unarmed homeless man was fatally shot by police after confrontation and video of incident has gone viral . Skid Row is a 54-block area and has the largest homeless population in the country .
Blogger Lana Hirschowitz came under fire from trolls after she wrote a light-hearted article about her experience using a Thermomix, a $2,000 ‘do-it-all’ kitchen appliance which has a legion of dedicated ‘cult’ followers.  The article went viral and became the topic of contentious debate which resulted in a storm of criticism for Ms Hiroschowitz, which interestingly she predicted in the opening of her article.  Ms Hirschowitz's article didn't offer any particularly harsh criticisms of the Thermomix, in fact, she even acknowledged that the appliance was ‘great at what it does.’ Her gripe was that, unlike the swarm of devoted fans, she didn’t find the appliance ‘life changing.’  The Thermomix community have a large group of vocal online followers who didn’t take her comments lightly. Ms Hirschowitz became the target of an online attack which brought her integrity into question. She was labelled a ‘scammer’ and a ‘poor little rich girl’, some posters even saying she was using the blog post to obtain a free Nutribullet.  In a Youtube video she posted on Monday with Kerri Sackville she said she was brought to tears after reading the comments and condemned those who personally attack others online for merely expressing an opinion.
Borussia Dortmund are starting to look up again following a nightmare start to the season . For most of the world, their last sight of Dortmund's plight in the Bundesliga were those infamous photos of captain Hummels and goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller climbing the surround fencing to reason with angry fans from the 'Yellow Wall' after the home defeat by Augsburg last month left the team bottom . Yet the 3-2 win at Hannover at the weekend was a sixth victory in a run of eight games undefeated and sparked some crazy talk .
The defense in the trial of Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev rested after presenting only four witnesses. Closing arguments are scheduled for Monday. The defense case lasted less than two days, while the prosecution presented more than 90 witnesses over the course of a month.
Slain Russian opposition figure Boris Nemtsov knew criticizing the Kremlin was dangerous, but thought his fame would protect him. The 55-year-old was walking home from dinner with his girlfriend Anna Duritskaya when he was gunned down in Moscow on Friday. Nemtsov had been arrested several times for speaking against Putin's government. The most recent arrests were in 2011 when he protested the results of parliamentary elections and in 2012 when tens of thousands protested against Putin.
Fans' chief calls for 'proportionate' punishments for those convicted of offences during Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final clash between Aston Villa and West Brom . Home supporters twice invaded the pitch during their side's 2-0 victory over the Baggies at Villa Park, while seats were thrown from the upper tier of the stand holding visiting contingent on to the spectators below . West Midlands Police and the Football Association are launching investigations.
The pictures show some of the patients interred at the West Riding Pauper Lunatic Asylum in 1869 . The asylum was the sixth institution of its kind in the UK to take those with mental conditions out of the way of regular society . The hospital-come-boarding house was entirely self-sufficient, housing its own bakery, butchery, dairy, shop and laundry .
Target has proposed to pay $10million to settle a class-action lawsuit brought against the retailer following a massive data breach in 2013 . Details of as many as 40million credit and debit card accounts were exposed during the breach, which hurt its holiday sales that year .
The Brazilian defender has extended his contract with PSG by one year until 2019 . Marquinhos had been a target for Manchester United, but this new deal will be a blow to the Dutchman . The 20-year-old has become a key player for the Parisiens since signing from Roma in 2013 .
Some people are taking to social media to mock the news of Zayn Malik's departure from One Direction. Trav Roebuck, the producer of Hamish and Andy's radio show, tweeted a screen grab of his comical search on SEEK looking for listings for a new band member for One Direction. SEEK's humorous response read 'Dear Trav, we only allow quality jobs on site... we've got 'Styles', you see ;) Love SEEK,' the job-search site responded. This response launched an amusing pun war with many of Trav's followers and SEEK itself.
Apple is reportedly planning to extend its recycling and trade-in scheme to include rival handsets. Reports claim Android, as well as BlackBerry and potentially Windows Phone customers, will be able to exchange their handsets for gift cards and credit towards Apple products. The scheme could roll out 'in the coming weeks.'
Tierney Hinde, 28, from Dartford, Kent, was disgusted with the state of her Pontins apartment, with the nightmare starting when she discovered the dirty bed linen. Things got worse when she was offered a different room on a higher floor with blood-splattered windows at the resort in Camber, East Sussex.
President Obama read 'Mean Tweets' on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live . He joked about the perks and restrictions he faces, revealing that he's not allowed to use cellphones that have recorders in them . He also noted he can visit the dentist in the White House basement, but doesn't text and can't drive . The President even read mean tweets about himself in a segment that usually features actors and other celebrities .
Henk ten Cate believes Louis van Gaal is the man to help Manchester United get back to their glory days.  Former Chelsea assistant manager Ten Cate heaped praise on Van Gaal, saying: 'I know him well and he is the kind of guy who doesn't just go for results, he wants his teams to play good football.'  Ten Cate concedes Van Gaal's side have been below-par but is confident Van Gaal will be able to turn the club's fortunes around, saying: 'You have to give him time because, for me, he is one of the best coaches there is.'
Friends and loved ones chose to celebrate her life with laughter, colour and style . The Queen Victoria Gardens in Melbourne were lit up by over 500 people dressed in pink and frills, donning bunny ears, bows and carrying bright balloons during 'Princess Marci's Royal Parade' on Saturday afternoon . Masa Vukotic's father, Slavolijub Vukoti, was seen walking amongst the parade, dressed in black and carrying one of many pink balloons which were also released as part of the memorial walk.
The TSA screens all checked luggage and discovered a dog in a owner's checked luggage at LaGuardia Airport . The TSA's security procedures do not prohibit you from bringing a pet on your flight, but a more breathable crate is suggested .
Deonte Turner, 12, saved his mother and was stabbed in the arm by one of three masked attackers in Detroit, Michigan . Turner's mother, Barbara Whitehead, was returning home with her son when the three men demanded money and began cursing . Whitehead says her son stepped in to protect her, and was stabbed when the men ran off .
A new test can help scientists trace how malaria has evolved by identifying whether ancient humans had suffered from the disease. The test looks for telltale crystals of a molecule called hemozoin that show the person who the bone belonged to had been infected with the malaria parasite. The method could now be used to track the spread of malaria back to its first appearance in humans by examining other ancient skeletons for signs of the infection.
Chelsea's players were out in the watery spring sunshine preparing for their Champions League clash with PSG on Wednesday . John Obi Mikel was the only player not present, as he continues to recover from minor knee surgery . Mourinho and his assistant Rui Faria were first out, followed by the players in vibrant yellow training kit .
Armed robbers are suspected of stealing $4million in gold from an 18-wheeler taking the precious from Florida to Massachusetts on Interstate 95. The Wilson County Sheriff's Office in North Carolina said Monday that two security guards working for Transvalue Inc of Miami reported pulling to the side of the interstate on Sunday evening after their vehicle began having mechanical problems.
PETA releases footage of Air France transporting monkeys for chemical testing . Macaque monkeys are restrained and force fed before being injected with chemicals . Animals are then held in tiny cages and plastic tubes, struggling to escape .
Willie Mullins has described his historic achievement of having the first three home in the Stan James Champion Hurdle as his greatest ever training achievement . The feat of the Ruby Walsh-ridden 4-5 favourite Faugheen leading home stablemates Arctic Fire and dual champion Hurricane Fly will take some surpassing even for a man who has won a Grand National . Punters jumping on the Mullins bandwagon cost the bookmaking industry an estimated £10million as they linked them in accumulator bets .
Frazier Glenn Miller, 74, is charged with capital murder in the April 13, 2014, shootings at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City in Overland Park, Kansas, and at the nearby Village Shalom Retirement Center.  Miller, also known as Frazier Glenn Cross, is a Vietnam War veteran from southwest Missouri who founded the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in his native North Carolina and later the White Patriot Party.  Sgt. Marty C. Ingram testified Monday at a preliminary hearing that he heard shots fired at the Jewish Community Center and saw the doors of the center's theater shatter. He said he took cover as more shots hit the building's facade.
Damian Ayles was caught on camera defecating on his neighbours' doorstep and posting used tissues through their letterbox . The 23-year-old was only caught when his unnamed victims set up security cameras outside their home to catch the culprit . Ayles pleaded guilty to harassment without violence and was given a two-year restraining order preventing him from going near the family .
Yoga teacher Alessia Avellino had to flee Britain after her boyfriend, Paul Bijl, started bombarding her with abusive letters . The couple's relationship broke down after Bijl suffered a stroke four years ago which changed his character . Bijl has admitted harassment at Westminster Magistrates’ Court and was sentenced to six months of community service and handed an indefinite restraining order.
A jury decided that the Robin Thicke song 'Blurred Lines' ripped off Marvin Gaye's 1977 hit 'Got to Give It Up' . The Gaye family is relieved by the decision, but says they are not interested in going back to court anytime soon . The family is open to mending ties with Pharrell Williams, and said they would be willing to include him in a tribute show to the late R&B star .
A family's home was destroyed by a fire that started when a can of hairspray exploded near a hot hairdryer.
Ricky Burns has been declared bankrupt, with debts of £419,888 . The 31-year-old boxer has been embroiled in a legal battle with his former promoter, Frank Warren . Burns is set to fight Omar Figueroa in Texas on May 9 .
Iraqi forces are attacking ISIS strongholds in Tikrit with the help of Sunni and Shiite militiamen . The offensive is being overseen by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi . This is the biggest test for an army trying to claw back territory that fell to ISIS last summer .
The top ten list of the most expensive clothes and props from some of the most famous films in movie history has been revealed by memorabilia experts. The top ten run down was compiled to mark the recent Oscar's ceremony and charts the most valuable items of memorabilia and how much they finally went for at auction.  Audrey Hepburn's Ascot dress from My Fair Lady (1964) sold in 2011 for £2.9m ($4.5m) - The film based on the George Bernard Shaw play Pygmalion won eight Oscars.  James Bond's Aston Martin DB5 from the films Goldfinger (1964) and Thunderball (19), sold in 2010 for $4.1m.  Sam's upright Moroccan-looking piano from Rick's Bar in 1942 film Casablanca sold in 2014 for £2.3m ($3.4m)
The key points to remember from this news article are that:  - The prosecution has called 77 witnesses so far, but none from Hernandez's fiancée, head coach, or owner - An important development this week was that a DNA analyst testified to finding a partial DNA match from Hernandez on the shell casing found in the dumpster - However, under cross-examination it was revealed that the state never submitted the gum for DNA testing - Hernandez's family was in court on Friday after a week's absence
The game was an exciting one, with England scoring early but France quickly catching up . England eventually won the game, but it was a close call .
A spectator was tragically killed after a British racing driver's car flipped over and into the crowd at the Nurburgring circuit in Germany . Driver Jann Mardenborough was cresting a hill in the northern part of the track when the car flipped upright, travelling 100ft before slamming into a barrier and spinning into the air . The 23-year-old is currently competing in the World Endurance Championship .
A bill that would allow Utah to use firing squads to execute some death-row prisoners passed in the state Senate on Tuesday . The measure would add death by firing squad as an option in a state that uses lethal injection . The law would give the state the option to use a five-member squad in cases where the drugs necessary for lethal injection aren't available 30 days before the date set for the execution .
In 2 or 3 sentences, what are the main points one should remember from this news article?  Buddy Holly died in a plane crash in 1959. The Surf Ballroom was the last stop on his final tour. Donna, Peggy Sue, and Tommy Allsup were also at the Surf Ballroom.
Pope Francis will be the first pope to address the US Congress during a stateside visit in September. He will also address the United Nations in New York. Obama and Francis met for the first time at the Vatican in March last year in talks clouded by disagreements over provisions for contraception included in the US leader's landmark health care reforms.
Jose Mourinho loves winning football matches . He was in charge of the Rest of the World for Soccer Aid last summer . To ensure the advantage was preserved, however, Mourinho had a word with James McAvoy .
Wild Tales is an Argentinian film that will be released in the UK today, despite its similarities to the recent Germanwings air disaster. The film features a mass killer who locks himself in the cockpit of a passenger jet and crashes it into the ground to murder everyone on board. Passengers on the fictional plane panic and one tries to smash his way through a door to get to the controls, in a scene that is chillingly similar to the real-life disaster.
Sexting is more common than many parents might realize or want to admit. More than half the undergraduate students who took part in an anonymous online survey said they sent sexually suggestive texts when they were teenagers. Another study found that while students who admitted sexting were 32% more likely to report having sex the next year, sexting by teenagers was not linked to risky sexual behavior over time.
Wales defended their patch to secure a famous RBS 6 Nations victory . Wales killed off Ireland’s 10-match winning run . Warren Gatland is a smarter tactician than a tub of Flora.
Gareth Bale has been criticised for not being a team player . Bale's form has dipped lately, but he has still scored vital goals . The condemnation he receives from the local media and crowd is mystifying .
Some of Hollywood's most famous props were up for auction on Saturday . Items up for auction included props from 2001: A Space Odyssey and Star Trek, as well as a wide selection of Beatles merchandise . The auction is being run by Premiere Props, who have sold goods from 500 of the biggest movies in history since they were founded in 2001 .
After break-in, University of Otago students exchange texts with remorseful thief . He returns their stolen handbags and ID cards, saying he was 'very hungover' when he committed the crime . The students had left their belongings in plain sight while they were sightseeing in Christchurch . The thief warned the girls not to leave their belongings unattended in the future .
West Ham striker Andy Carroll is expecting a baby with fiance Billi Mucklow . He was pictured building a rocking chair for the baby while wearing a West Ham training kit . Carroll has been plagued by injuries throughout his career and is currently recovering from a knee injury .
Tottenham defender Danny Rose has withdrawn from the England squad to face Lithuania and Italy through injury. Rose was called into the squad after Luke Shaw withdrew on Saturday with a hamstring problem. An FA statement released on Wednesday night read: 'Tottenham Hotspur's Danny Rose has withdrawn from the England camp through injury. 'The left-back will play no further part in preparation for the forthcoming fixtures against Lithuania and Italy and has returned to his club.'
A divorced Spanish father has been ordered to pay nearly £300 a month to his 31-year-old daughter - because she cannot find a long-term job.  The father, who is estranged from his daughter, appealed the decision but was told by Spain's Supreme Court that he must continue to support her.  The decision comes just months after a father from Cádiz, Spain, was ordered to pay his 29-year-old daughter 500 euros a month while she completed her psychology degree.
Shocking video has emerged of a mother holding her terrified daughter in a headlock while the little girl was having her ears pierced . The footage, taken in Chicago, Illinois, shows the young child crying out in fear as a man approaches with a piercing instrument . At one point, the girl can be heard screaming 'please don't, please don't' as she cowers in a chair while a man off camera accuses the frightened youngster of 'acting like a little baby' . Eventually, a woman believed to be her mother puts the tearful girl in a hold while the procedure is carried out .
Despite reports in US tabloids, the Duchess of Cambridge remains pregnant . The Duchess of Cambridge's coat is available for close to one grand. . If you don't have the budget of a to-be-Princess, one of our picks in the edit below should fit the bill!
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen used his submarine to find WWII Japanese battleship Musashi . The Musashi was sunk by the U.S. Navy in 1944, taking with it more than 1,000 crew members . Billionaire Allen said the M/Y Octopus, his luxury yacht and exploration ship, found the long-lost ship on the floor of the Sibuyan Sea .
The FBI says the 'Veloz Crew' - headed by Danny Veloz - went to elaborate lengths to kidnap a man they believed to be a major dealer of homemade Percocet pills, which deliver a heroin-like high. The plot was one of many underground kidnappings that police say targeted dealers in order to obtain large ransoms of cash or drugs, believing that going after criminals reduced the risk of involving authorities.
Some key points to remember from this article are that counterfeit versions of the Apple Watch are already available in China for as little as £25, that the fake versions mimic the design and style of the real thing, and that they are a lot cheaper than the actual Apple Watch.
13-year-old Mo'ne Davis contacts college president to ask that Joey Casselberry be allowed to play for the Huskies again . Casselberry had posted on Twitter: 'Disney is making a movie about Mo'ne Davis? WHAT A JOKE. That s*** got rocked by Nevada.'  Director of the college's sports information, Tom McGuire, told Daily Mail Online in a statement: 'Mo’ne Davis has reached out to Bloomsburg University asking that Joey Casselberry’s dismissal from the team be reconsidered. 'Her request demonstrates the type of person she is, her level of maturity and the empathy that her family and coach teach her.'
The main points to remember from this news article are that:  -For the first time in history, more than half the world's population lives in cities.  -The UN predicts that by 2050, 66% of the world's population will live in cities.  -Cities in the developing world are booming, with many
American missionary Phyllis Sortor has been freed after being kidnapped last month in central Nigeria . Officials did not provide details but said her release involved some form of negotiation . Five men had abducted Sortor and demanded a ransom of 60 million Naira ($301,500) .
Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden is on a four-day visit to South Korea . The 37-year-old will meet with Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo to discuss deepening bilateral ties . She will also discuss issues of mutual interest, such as health care, welfare and gender equality .
Militants fighting for the Islamic State in Iraq have released bizarre new photographs . The photographs attempt to portray life under the terror group as a world of bustling marketplaces and delicious food . The images were taken in the ISIS' Iraqi power base of Mosul in Nineveh province .
A blind man was reported to the Department for Work and Pensions for benefit fraud after he scored a 180 in a charity darts event . The man, who is registered blind, was deemed too good to be blind by the person who reported him . After an investigation, the DWP has confirmed that it does not intend to cut the man's benefits .
Tracy's ten-year-old son Robert has been known to kick and punch her . In the past two years, Tracy has had to call the police on numerous occasions to intervene . Robert was diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) at the age of five .
In his first public speech, MI6 chief Alex Younger rejected claims by US 'whistleblower' Edward Snowden and his supporters in the UK that British intelligence agencies engage in mass, unauthorized surveillance . Younger made a series of pointed references to how UK intelligence agencies operate within some of the strictest laws in the world while our enemies were ‘unconstrained’ . His comments come in light of terror groups increasingly using the internet to target the intelligence agencies .
The cast of Downton Abbey is in high demand after the success of the show and many are cashing in by auditioning in Hollywood. Lily James, Daisy Lewis, and Joanne Froggatt are some of the cast members who have already landed roles in American films and TV shows.
Southampton fear they will miss out on a permanent move for on loan defender Toby Alderweireld with parent club Atletico Madrid intent on sparking a bidding war for the player. The Belgium international has impressed for the Saints this season prior to sustaining a hamstring injury at Manchester United in January. His performances have been central to Southampton's attempt to finish in the Premier League's top four, and manager Ronald Koeman wants to make the loan move permanent ahead of the next campaign. However, Alderweireld's form has not gone unnoticed elsewhere. Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is understood to be an admirer of the 26-year-old, while Manchester City remain in the hunt for defensive reinforcements with Manuel Pellegrini yet to find the perfect partner for captain Vincent Kompany.
Kellie Maloney, who is in the process of transitioning to female, gave a speech at the UKIP conference in Margate, Kent. She also attended the Kent Gay Police Association Charity Ball on Saturday night. The ball was raising money for transgender organisation TGPals and the Bluebells Children’s Short Break Centre.
Tara-Michelle Ziniuk has postpartum post-traumatic stress disorder from the painful, drug-free birth of her daughter Anna . She has nightmares and flashbacks of the event and avoids thoughts, feelings, people, places, and details associated with it .
The most expensive home ever listed in the Kansas City area is on the market for $14 million . The property was until recently the home of Ron Deffenbaugh Sr., a self-made multi-millionaire who created Deffenbaugh Industries Inc., a waste management business which operated the Johnson County Landfill next door . A freak accident in 2007 left Ron Deffenbaugh almost completely paralysized and doctors told him that he wasn’t likely to live much longer. He died in August .
Charlie Willcocks, 24, delivered his partner's son when she went into labour on their living room floor . Willcocks says he recalled a recent episode of the Channel 4 series One Born Every Minute, as he watches every week as it's Kirsty's favourite programme . When Kirsty, a mother of six, began having contractions, she simply thought it was Braxton hicks, or a false labour, and decided to wait it out until she was sure it was the real thing.
Britain will invest £180million over the next ten years in defending the Falkland Islands against a ‘very live’ threat from Argentina, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said today. The announcement comes amid fears of an invasion after it emerged Vladimir Putin could be helping to re-arm the South American nation by leasing them 12 long-range bombers. Mr Fallon said Britain’s military presence on the South Atlantic territory would be ‘beefed up’ following the findings of a review by top brass.
In 2 or 3 sentences, what are the main points one should remember from this news article?  Debbie Merton, 46, from Hastings, UK, gets £1,100 of benefits a month and hasn't worked in 24 years . She says she is 'disgusted' with the government for allowing people to live on that amount of money . She is known for being a socialite in the area and loves having friends over for home-cooked meals and a knees-up.
Jaime Wild was diagnosed with motor neuron disease and her mother was scammed out of $25,000 by a dodgy doctor . Her family is now raising funds to send her to Israel for treatment . A 'Cinderella Ball To Remember' was thrown to help raise funds for her treatment and ongoing medical costs .
Ian Ritchie is the current chief executive of the Rugby Football Union . He was formerly the chief executive of the All England Club . He is credited with modernising Wimbledon and saving English rugby from isolation .
Tony Abbott says he was 'perfectly comfortable as a journalist' with police accessing his metadata, despite the fact that the Internet did not exist when he was a journalist . He also says that metadata is just the 'sites you're visiting', not what you're doing on the Internet . Critics say that the Prime Minister's understanding of metadata is poor and that his comments are not reassuring .
A Maine man was found guilty of using a fake Facebook profile to lure a 15-year-old girl to her death during a botched plot to look like a hero. Kyle Dube, 21, or Orono, was convicted of kidnapping and murdering high school sophomore Nichole Cable in May of 2013. Dube was found guilty of staging Cable's kidnapping so he could later rescue her and be hailed as a hero. Instead, Cable died of asphyxiation and her remains were found in the woods in Old Town on May 20 after an eight-day search.
The lawyer for a 17-year-old Connecticut boy charged with stabbing a classmate to death in school on their prom day says he intends to use an insanity defense.  Christopher Plaskon is charged with murdering 16-year-old Maren Sanchez in a hallway at Jonathan Law High School in Milford in April 2014, just hours before the junior prom.  Police are investigating whether it was related to Sanchez's refusal to be Plaskon's prom date.
The Magnolia Court property in Brighton, Tasmania, is on the market for only $299,000. The two-storey house features four bedrooms, three upstairs and the master downstairs with a two way bathroom and an extra bathroom upstairs for the kids. Belle Parker of Roberts Real Estate in Glenorchy said the reason behind the bargain price was that the owners were desperate to sell. 'This young couple bought it for a family member to rent and that hasn't worked out - they are going to lose money on it but they just have had enough of it and have to sell,' she said.
In his experiments, Professor Paul Piff found that money causes people to break the law at the expense of others. The rich are more likely to speed through pedestrian crossings, for example. In another experiment, the rich became ruder and less sensitive to the plight of the poor.
Randall Miller pleads guilty to involuntary manslaughter in death of Sarah Jones . Miller will spend two years in jail and eight years on probation . Jay Sedrish, executive producer, pleads guilty and gets 10 years on probation . The parents of Sarah Jones spoke outside the court, saying they hope their daughter's death will change the film industry .
London Mayor Boris Johnson has hit out at the 'human rights' group who claimed Britain was to blame for Jihadi John's murderous actions . Johnson tore into controversial campaigner Asim Qureshi today branding suggestions UK authorities caused the ISIS killer's radicalisation '100% the wrong way up' . Qureshi called into Mr Johnson's radio show on London's LBC radio this morning, claiming his defence of Emwazi had been 'unfairly represented' .
The Cycling Independent Reform Commission released a damning report on doping in cycling . Olympic champion Nicole Cooke has criticized 2013 Tour de France winner Chris Froome for being allowed a therapeutic use exemption to compete at the Tour de Romandie last year . Froome has welcomed 24-hour drug testing in cycling .
There are some tricks of the trade to help enjoy Disney on a budget, such as camping instead of staying in a hotel, signing up for the Disney Dining Plan, and buying attraction tickets online.
A politician who sued his rival for calling him 'Del Boy' in a campaign leaflet is facing a £50,000 bill after dropping the lawsuit because he has 'developed thicker skin' . Neil McEvoy launched the legal action after Labour opponent Michael Michael distributed a circular which had his photo superimposed onto the face of the Only Fools and Horses character . But a top judge found it was not defamatory to compare someone to David Jason's on-screen character, instead labelling it 'the stuff of political disagreement' . Mr McEvoy later withdrew his High Court libel case, saying he regretted bringing the action .
The aim of the campaign is to have more accessible areas for male parents to change nappies . This is in response to the fact that most baby change tables are found in the female bathrooms . The debate has been sparked by a number of fathers' groups in Melbourne, Victoria .
Disney is developing a live-action retelling of "Mulan," the 1998 animated film about a female warrior . The new project will be produced by Chris Bender and J.C. Spink . Disney has been on a roll with its live-action versions of its classic animated films, including "Cinderella" and "Alice in Wonderland" .
In the months before John Lennon was tragically gunned down outside The Dakota in New York City on December 8, 1980, by deranged killer Mark David Chapman, life for the ex Beatle and his bride Yoko Ono was full of 'unclouded happiness'. And those moments, during the creation of what would be their last album together, are captured in the collection of photographs of the couple, published for the first time in the book, Double Fantasy.
Nearly 300 Amtrak passengers were left stranded on a cold, dark train for more than three hours after it lost power in snowy Connecticut. A train sent to rescue them also broke down. The passengers were transferred to a third train, which regained power.
The Rev. Fred Craddock, a pulpit giant who redefined the art of preaching, has died. Craddock's preaching style was inductive, meaning his sermons unfolded like a short story. He was selected as one of the 12 most effective preachers in the English-speaking world by Time magazine in 1984.
Chelsea loaned Dutch Under 21 international Nathan Ake to Reading until April 22 . Ake has made 11 Chelsea first-team appearances, including games in the Champions League . He can play as a defensive midfielder, left-back or centre-half and has a long-term contract at Stamford Bridge .
Philadelphia Eagles legend Chuck Bednarik died on Saturday at the age of 89 . He played a franchise-record 14 seasons with the Eagles from 1949 to 1962 . He was part of two NFL championship teams in 1949 and 1960 and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1967 .
Robert Downey Jr. gave 7-year-old Alex Pring a robotic arm made by Limbitless Solutions, a volunteer group that uses 3-D printing technology to make free bionic limbs for kids . The arm was an upgrade to one Pring had received earlier, and Downey also gave him a working robotic Iron Man arm . The meeting was arranged by Microsoft as part of its social media campaign, The Collective Project, celebrating students using technology to change the world.
Sahray Barber, 22, went missing for ten days after walking away from her home in San Bernadino, California. She was found in two Los Angeles-area hospitals, where she was using assumed names. Barber said she was overwhelmed with personal problems when she decided to walk away. A huge search involving aircraft, dogs and horseback riders was being carried out by police while she was gone. Barber released a statement to the Riverside Press-Enterprise on Thursday trying to explain what happened to her.
A father-of-two has been banned from every single pub in Queensland as part of his bail conditions . Steve Parnell allegedly punched an officer in the face after police were called to his house early on Sunday morning . He has also had to commit to being breath-tested every week .
Hannah Kingsley threatened to cut the throat of a 10-year-old girl who argued with her daughter. She avoided jail over the incident, but was given a 12-month community order at Teesside Crown Court.
White House hopeful Ted Cruz says he's already received more than $1 million in donations since his Tuesday announcement that he would run for president. The Republican lawmaker made the disclosure during a Tuesday evening interview with Fox News host Megyn Kelly after she read aloud several not-so-rave reviews of his candidacy.
Melt Room is a grilled cheese sandwich shop opening in Soho, London . The menu will offer a variety of sandwiches, from the classic grilled cheese to more upmarket fillings such as slow-cooked lamb shoulder with mustard dressed greens . The 12-seater cafe will also serve sides such as crisp pickles, relish, cheese-friendly sauces and cheese on toast popcorn .
Reading FC will play Arsenal in an FA Cup semi-final next month . The Royals were ruthless in their destruction of Bradford City . The game was a brutal, complete tactical masterclass by Reading .
Luis Suarez is preparing for his first El Clasico at the Nou Camp . He is excited for the game that could shape the La Liga title race this season . Suarez has become an important part of a three-pronged attack at Barcelona since his arrival and has played some of the best form of his career .
Politicians should never ignore sex crimes against children out of a misguided fear of being called racist, according to Sir Michael Wilshaw.
When her beloved dog collapsed and had to be rushed to the vet, Heather Goddard was horrified. The grandmother was left grief-stricken when tests showed Clover, an eight-year-old crossbreed, had lung cancer and would have to be put down. But the biggest shock came when she was told that her dog’s death was caused by passive smoking – the result of being in the house as she and her husband Keith puffed through 30 cigarettes each a day.  Now Mrs Goddard, 61, has quit smoking and is alerting other pet owners to the dangers posed to animals by second-hand smoke.
Phil Jones says public criticism of Manchester United has fuelled the team's recent revival. United are now odds-on to qualify for the Champions League after they recorded back-to-back wins over Tottenham and Liverpool. Manager Louis van Gaal came under fire after his team put in a number of underwhelming displays, but with United now five points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool, their critics have fallen silent.
Madonna, Beyoncé, Rihanna and Alicia Keys team up to convince the world to fork out for a new online music service, Tidal . The new service offers bigger payments to musicians than rival services . The move has been met with criticism, with many branding it 'greedy', 'out of touch', and 'money grabbing' .
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, is the head of the World Changers Church International . The televangelist put a five-minute video up on his website last week asking for donations for a Gulfstream G650 private jet . The webpage for the donations has since been shuttered, but the church's donation site remains open .
Katie Piper is launching the UK's first catwalk featuring models with visible differences. The event, taking place at The Ideal Home Show, will call on people from her charity foundation as well as members of the public.
William Shatner defends decision to miss Leonard Nimoy's funeral after being criticized by Twitter users . Shatner says he chose to celebrate life by going to a charity event in Florida instead . Shatner's daughters Melanie and Lisabeth attended the funeral in Los Angeles in his place .
Wasps director of rugby Dai Young described Saracens as a unique team to play against . Brilliant tries from Christian Wade and Elliot Daly, with two conversions and a penalty from Andy Goode, had seen Wasps build up a 17-3 lead after the first 20 minutes . But after that the Saracens pack became the dominant force with Richard Wigglesworth and Alex Goode controlling matters at half-back .
At least eight female students at Brigham Young University in Utah were 'catfished' by the same 24-year-old woman - who pretended to be a man. The victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman in Texas. After one of the students became suspicious, it began to emerge that they had all fallen for a serial 'catfish' - someone who tricks others online by setting up fake profiles with fake pictures and names.
Alexandre and Ronaldo Antunes were born 24 days apart in a rare, lifesaving delivery procedure . The oldest by nearly a month, Alexandre, was born prematurely on March 2 followed by the arrival of his twin brother on March 26 . The boys' mother, Lindalva Pinheiro da Silva, went into labor 16 weeks early last February and had a delayed interval delivery, which is rare.
Adrian Ernest Bayley, the sex offender who murdered Jill Meagher, has been found guilty of raping three more women prompting her father to slam the system for failing to protect his daughter . The brutal rape and murder of the 29-year-old ABC staffer on her way home from a night out in Brunswick in Melbourne's north in September 2012 rocked the entire nation .
Navy veteran William Poole shot dead by police after warning hotline of suicidal intentions . Poole had been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder . Poole's son-in-law said he was on the phone with Poole when he heard the shots .
Police in Florida stopped an oncoming train to rescue a dog that had been shot three times and tied to the railway tracks with a belt . The dog was taken to a veterinary emergency centre and is expected to have its front-right leg amputated . Police are asking for the public's help to find the person responsible for the attack .
Heather Cho, a Korean Air executive and daughter of the airline's chairman, is serving a one-year prison sentence in South Korea after throwing a fit on a New York flight because her nuts were served in a bag instead of a porcelain bowl. In a civil suit filed this week in state Supreme Court in Queens, New York, Cho -- whose name is listed as Heather Hyun A-Cho in court documents -- is accused of "verbally and physically" attacking flight attendant Kim Do-hee in December on a Seoul-bound flight departing from John F. Kennedy International Airport. The suit describes Cho as the "princess" of the "so-called royal" family that controls Korean Air, and says the executive screamed obscenities at Kim before hitting, shoving and threatening the flight attendant. A South Korean judge last month said that Cho's actions threatened the development of the aviation industry and inconvenienced passengers, and ruled that she violated aviation law, changed a flight path and interfered with operations.
The author was diagnosed with a brain tumor and chose to dress up as Wonder Woman for Halloween . The author had a brain tumor in the left hemisphere of her brain . The author was 28 years old when she was diagnosed .
The apartment where Simon Gittany threw his fiancée fifteen floors to her death failed to sell at auction. Gittany was found guilty of murdering Lisa Cecilia Harnum and was sentenced to 26 years in prison in November 2013.
The mother of Emma Venier, 18, has not heard from her daughter since Cyclone Pam struck Vanuatu . The storm has killed at least 24 people and left more than 3,300 homeless . Venier was due to remain on the island until July as part of a volunteering project .
Kesshia Kumari has accused Versace of ripping off one of her designs . The London-born designer said she is 'deeply disappointed' by the alleged copycat T-shirt . Kumari began designing her graphic creations 17 years ago and began selling them on MySpace .
George Osborne will use this week's Budget to grant the option to five million UK retirees stuck on rip-off annuity rates . He will extend to them the same freedoms that have already been offered to those approaching retirement . The proposals could spark a new misselling scandal as pensioners who are allowed to do what they like with their cash make the wrong decisions .
Michael Sam says there are 'a lot' of gay players in the NFL . He came out before last year's NFL draft and was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the seventh round . He was cut by the Rams in training camp and signed to the Dallas Cowboys' practice squad but was released in October .
The all-time XI is based on the number of times players were voted for by their fellow professionals in the PFA Premier team of the season . Some notable omissions include Peter Schmeichel, Dennis Bergkamp, Eric Cantona, and Paul Scholes . Roy Keane and Frank Lampard were picked on fewer occasions than central midfield rivals Steven Gerrard and Patrick Vieira .
A Los Angeles police officer wanted on murder charges "should be considered armed and dangerous," according to authorities.  Police in Pomona, California -- about 30 miles east of L.A -- issued an arrest warrant Monday for Henry Solis, an LAPD rookie, in the shooting death of a local man over the weekend.  The victim -- identified as 23-year-old Salome Rodriguez Jr. -- later died at a Los Angeles hospital. Investigators looking for clues discovered an abandoned car about three blocks away from the scene that belonged to Solis. Authorities soon began looking for the 27-year-old cop to question him, but so far, he has not turned up.
Lidl knocks off a fifth of the price of its One Direction Easter eggs . The German brand announced the news on its Twitter and Facebook accounts . The move was greeted with merriment by social media users, with some describing it as 'comedy gold' and 'hilarious' .
The BBC's ex-royal correspondent tries cannabis as part of a TV experiment examining the effects of types of the drug on the brain . In another scene, Jennie Bond is seen giggling and talking about how much she loves eating grapes after experimenting with hash . A trailer for tonight's programme asks: 'Has Jennie got the munchies?'
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has a cult-like following on the internet, with fans celebrating her birthday with a series of social media memes. The veteran justice has earned the nickname 'Notorious R.B.G.' having served on America's highest bench for 21 years.
The 30-kilowatt fibre laser called Athena burnt through the manifold in seconds, despite being fired by a team from Lockheed Martin positioned more than a mile away. The security firm said the test signifies the next step to fitting lightweight laser weapons on military aircraft, helicopters, ships and trucks.
The two teams are Liverpool and Manchester United . The game is on Sunday . It is the biggest rivalry in English football .
Mariel Hemingway shuns Botox, fillers, and facelifts, instead using pumpkin peels and clay masks . The 53-year-old is best known for her portrayal of Woody Allen's teenage lover Tracy in the film Manhattan . Hemingway began her film career at the age of 14 and won an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress at 16 .
Apple CEO Tim Cook plans to donate his estimated $785million fortune to charity, after he pays for his ten-year-old nephew's college education . Cook told Fortune magazine he plans to donate his fortune to charity, after paying for his nephew's college education . He said, 'You want to be the pebble in the pond that creates the ripples for change.'
England have slipped down the FIFA world rankings for a second consecutive month and are now in 17th place.  The Three Lions have fallen despite winning all four of their Euro 2016 qualifiers as well as international friendlies against Scotland and Norway.  Spain have fallen out of the top 10 in FIFA's rankings for the first time since 2007.
Dun Meng was carjacked by Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who told him he had just killed a police officer . Meng was able to escape and later helped authorities identify the Tsarnaev brothers . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is on trial for his role in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings .
Asda is offering varifocal lenses for the same price as single prescription versions, starting at just £40 . The chain will also sell a designer frame option at £70, with two pairs for £99, and a premium range for £100, with two pairs for £159. Asda calculated the figure of £144 million by working out the difference in price between its varifocal lenses and competitiors’, judged against the fact that three million pensioners bought varifocal lenses in the last 12 months.
Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris are rumored to be dating, and if they are, he should be aware that he may end up being the subject of one of her songs. Swift is well-known for writing about her love life, and her previous boyfriends John Mayer, Harry Styles and Joe Jonas have all inspired tracks on her various albums.
Rohit Sharma scored his first World Cup hundred to help defending world champions India post a daunting total of 302 for six . Rohit was caught in the deep when he was on 90 but was allowed to keep batting when the umpires ruled that Rubel Hossain's delivery was a no-ball . Sharma batted for 47 overs to make 137 off 126 balls .
The Australian government has released a long-term plan to prevent the Great Barrier Reef from being declared 'in danger'. The Reef 2050 Long-Term Sustainability Plan was announced by Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Saturday. The plan includes measures to protect the Reef from future degradation.
Sunderland have sacked manager Gus Poyet . The club is just one point above the relegation zone . Poyet leaves after 17 months in charge .
Workers in London have suffered a bigger wage squeeze since the recession than those almost anywhere else in the country, according to official figures. Full-time salaries in the capital have only risen by 6.9 per cent in six years since the recession, according to the Office for National Statistics. This means London workers have seen their salaries rise by just over 1 per cent a year since 2008 – way below the rate of inflation.
The article discusses how a South Korean company is using young, attractive female teachers to entice people into learning English online. The company's Chief Executive says there is 'no doubt that people will want to see lessons more if the teacher is pretty and attractive'. The website has caused some controversy in the image-dominated society where cosmetic surgery is common and job-seekers attach their picture to resumes.
The doodles by Baidu and Youku, two of China's most popular websites, were criticized for being sexist stereotypes. The doodles by Baidu and Youku, two of China's most popular websites, were criticized for being sexist stereotypes. The doodles by Baidu and Youku, two of China's most popular websites, were criticized for being sexist stereotypes.
The study found that men drink more than women and that men's drinking habits peak at around age 25 . Women's drinking habits peak in their 40s . Men tend to drink more frequently in older age than women .
The sell off of memorabilia from Barry Island's Pleasure Park would surely cause Nessa to question what was occurring. Everything from the slot machines to the tuppenny donkey derby rides are up for grabs for a 'tidy' sum in a special clear-out of attractions from the park featured in the popular BBC comedy series.
A new study has found that female horses are more attracted to stallions with deeper, lower pitched whinnies. The researchers say that mares seem to make their choices about unfamiliar males on their first meeting based on the depth of their voices. And just like humans putting on an album featuring Barry White's bass-baritone voice, the deeper whinnies from male horses also appear to get the mares more in the mood.
The average house price in London is now £460,000 . A "middle-class migration" is seeing affluent buyers leave Kensington and Chelsea in favour of Chiswick and Clapham . Herne Hill and Kensal Rise are the new ‘nappy valleys’, while well-off couples who cannot afford to live where their parents did are heading to Kilburn .
A new 'superviscous' layer in Earth’s lower mantle has been discovered. The breakthrough could explain why parts of Earth’s sinking tectonic plates sometimes stall and thicken 930 miles (1,500km) underground. It could also explain why earthquakes occur deep inside the Earth’s interior, suggesting it is hotter than previously thought.
Ronaldo was visibly angry when Gareth Bale scored from a rebound of Ronaldo's own shot . He was also frustrated when Bale scored his second goal, getting a slight touch on a Ronaldo shot . Ronaldo has 32 goals this season, while Messi now has 32 .
Governor Scott Walker once envisioned a world where the 11 million immigrants living in the country illegally could embark on a path to citizenship, but now he calls that position 'amnesty' . Walker, who emerged this past week in the top tier of potential candidates for the Republican presidential nomination for 2016, says the U.S. needs to secure the border and ultimately put in place 'a legal immigration system that works.'
Zayn Malik is seen with hit producer Naughty Boy at a London recording studio on Saturday afternoon . The two friends' joint appearance seems to confirm persistent rumours that they are collaborating on new music .
A Texas mother claims her 5-year-old daughter was discriminated against at a children's clothing store for wanting to buy a suit instead of a dress for Easter. Rachel Giordano and her daughter Maddie were shopping at Martha's Miniatures when one of the store clerks gave them a look of disgust and told Mrs Giordano not to indulge her daughter's tomboy tastes.
Aleksandar Kovacic was in a head-on collision in 2010 and was seeking £1 million in damages . He was awarded £97,000 instead after being caught on film walking and carrying heavy items .
Ben Youngs was outstanding in England's game against France, scoring two tries. However, the team was left ruing all the missed chances from the week before and were not able to make the gap bigger when they needed to. Captain Chris Robshaw admitted that it was becoming an unfortunate habit for the team to just miss out on the title by a small margin.
NEW: BBC Trust says BBC music radio services are 'too white' . Radio 2 was highlighted as having particular difficulties in attracting non-white listeners . The BBC has improved over recent years, but the BBC Trust says the BBC must still improve further .
Ryan, a 10-year-old boy from Muskogee, Oklahoma, claims he has been reincarnated as an actor and agent in Hollywood's Golden Age. He began having nightmares about Hollywood when he was just 4 years old. He says he remembers his past life vividly and has been able to accurately describe the era to experts.
Sheffield Eagles will play their Ladbrokes Challenge Cup fifth-round tie with Hull FC at Bramall Lane . The match will be played on Sunday 19 April . The Eagles are currently groundsharing with Doncaster at the Keepmoat Stadium .
Yoox buys Net-a-Porter in all-share deal to create world's biggest online luxury retailer . Richemont to receive 50% of combined Yoox Net-a-Porter Group but voting rights will be capped at 25% . Natalie Massenet will oversee editorial content and advertising of the new group as executive chairman .
Tim Sherwood has told Carles Gil that he needs to prove himself in training if he wants to play for Aston Villa . The Spanish winger has only played one minute in the last three games and Sherwood has preferred Scott Sinclair and Charles N’Zogbia . Gil joined Villa in January for £3.25m .
Kimberly Henderson, 26, from Sunter, South Carolina, filmed herself singing Sam Smith's version of the Whitney Houston track How Will I Know to her one-year-old daughter, Vaida, last December. The clip - which has since been viewed more than 2.6 million times - landed the full-time nurse an opportunity to record her own track and since then her phone has apparently been ringing off the hook. Henderson told Fox News that she is being courted by four different record companies and she is working with a manager to negotiate a deal.
Margaret Challis died in a car crash which also killed three teenagers . She had recently told her family she had 'everything to live for' after receiving the all clear from a brain tumour . Her son Jason Webber said his mother had just gone out for the night when she was killed in the head on crash .
Obese women have a 40 per cent higher risk of developing at least seven types of cancer in their lifetime . Statistics released by Cancer Research UK show that obese women have around a one in four risk of developing a cancer linked to weight in their lifetime. In a group of 1,000 obese women, 274 will be diagnosed with a bodyweight-linked cancer in their lifetime, compared with 194 women diagnosed in a group of 1,000 healthy weight women.
A UK chippy is dying their batter blue to mark Tour de Yorkshire's upcoming arrival . The fish is taking a bit of an odd battering by being dyed blue to mark the start of Tour de Yorkshire's upcoming arrival . The world's top cyclists, including British icon Sir Bradley Wiggins, will be competing and shop proprietor James Morrison hopes he and others will stop by to try their quirky new product.
Stoke City are currently in 8th place in the Premier League . They have only spent £1.2 million on new players this season . By contrast, Burnley have spent around £8 million on new players .
Diego Simeone wants Atletico Madrid's fans to roar their team to victory in Tuesday night's Champions League last-16 second leg . Atletico Madrid are 1-0 down after the first leg but Simeone believes the club's supporters can play a significant role .  Spanish newspaper Marca say that there will be 55,000 Cholos (Simeone's nickname) in the stadium on Tuesday night .
The Indonesian Attorney General has confirmed that any pending legal appeals will not delay the execution of the Bali Nine duo and the eight other drug smugglers. Bali's chief prosecutor Momock Bambang Samiarso has announced that Australian death row inmates Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be moved to 'Death Island' where they will be executed this week. HM Prasetyo has also confirmed that the preparations for the mass death by firing squad are '95 per cent' ready as Chan and Sukumaran's lawyers are planning to lodge an appeal within the next week.
Southern Cross Austereo's Linda Wayman allegedly said company provides condoms to staff . Wayman does not believe in union's push for women to return to work part time after maternity leave . Wayman's comments were not intended to be taken seriously, company says .
In an extraordinarily rare case, 22-month-old Gardell Martin was revived after an hour and 41 minutes of CPR . He had fallen into an icy creek and was swept away by the current . Doctors say he has made a full recovery and suffered virtually no lingering effects .
Man accused of murdering Masa Vukotic, Sean Christian Price, claims he punched Prime Minister Tony Abbott in the face in 2006 . Mr Abbott was visiting the Thomas Embling Hospital in Melbourne when he was hit . Price also charged with six other offences, including one count of rape .
Jason Crocker, 36, is a heroin dealer who is currently serving a five year sentence in prison . He has been taking selfies in his cell and posting them online, against prison regulations . The photos show a cell door wedged shut from within with a broom handle, and Crocker with toiletries, DVDs and family photos, plus newspaper headlines about him .
Millie Mackintosh works out anywhere between 2 and 6 times a week . She tries to do 2 weights-based sessions a week and loves trying different fitness classes . Millie Mackintosh says anyone who wants to follow her lead must make it part of their lifestyle and be consistent .
The ISIS video shows Musallam's Israeli passport and claims he's an agent sent to infiltrate the group. Musallam's family on Tuesday told CNN that he had no ties with the Mossad, Israel's spy agency, and had, in fact, been recruited by ISIS. Said Musallam, his father, said "Mohamed told me and his brother that ISIS took him." The man they knew as a kind and funny brother and son who was once a volunteer firefighter had grown a long beard and was carrying a rifle. His father tried to help him get home, sending him money and even enlisting the Red Cross.
The record cold temperatures have led to a shortage of fish ingredients for gefilte fish, a traditional Passover dish. The dish is made from ground whitefish, carp and yellow pike, all of which are freshwater fish from the Upper Midwest. Great Lakes are still partially frozen over, making it difficult for fishing boats to sail or fish.
Harry Kane's meteoric rise continued on Friday when he marked his first England game with a goal. Kane headed in England's fourth against Lithuania shortly after replacing Wayne Rooney. Kane's progress is reminiscient of Jeremy Lin's form when he was playing basketball for the New York Knicks. Lin propelled the Knicks to a winning streak but failed to recapture his form after sustaining an injury.
Thailand's government has warned women they face up to five years in prison for taking so-called 'underboob selfies' after the trend swept social media. The practice of photographing the lower half of one's breasts and posting the images online has become an increasingly popular pastime in the south east Asian country. But Thailand's military government today said it would be willing to prosecute anybody posting underboob selfies online, claiming the practice is 'inappropriate' and will lead to prosecutions under the country's strict computer crime laws.
There has been an increase in restaurants providing much more than just a meal, and as these designer toilets show, restaurants are now fighting to make themselves more memorable. Whether it's the incredible views at Aqua Shard, Sketch's futuristic pods or Abracadabra's X-rated sink ornaments, the loo is another chance for a venue to impress, and restaurants are grasping this opportunity with both hands.
The National Institutes of Health said Thursday that it plans to admit an American health care worker with Ebola . The person was volunteering at an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone, and will be flown back to the United States on a chartered aircraft and admitted Friday . This will be the second patient with Ebola admitted to the NIH hospital.
Valtteri Bottas missed the Australian Grand Prix due to a back injury . He has been working hard to recover and is confident he will be able to race in Malaysia . He will have to take the FIA medical test on Thursday, which his manager is confident he will pass .
Joseph Amorese won $7 million after his father tucked a lottery ticket into his get-well card . Amorese, of Easton, Pennsylvania, scratched the ticket and found out he was a winner while recovering from hernia surgery . He and his wife, Jodi, a social worker, collected a lump sum of $4.5 million and said they plan to keep their jobs .
U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl was brutally beaten, kept chained inside a cage, blindfolded and threatened with execution during his five years in captivity, he has claimed. The former prisoner of war detailed his imprisonment for the first time in a statement released by his lawyer on Wednesday, after the Army charged him with desertion and misbehavior in the face of the enemy.
Steve Harmison has taken over his hometown club Ashington FC in the 9th tier of English football . He has overseen a change in fortunes with three victories and two defeats in his first five games . Harmison says he doesn't miss playing cricket, but he misses the dressing room .
Dagenham midfielder Joss Labadie has been charged with violent conduct . He is accused of biting Stevenage defender Ronnie Henry during Saturday's game . Labadie has until March 30 to respond to the charge.
The couple was reported to the police after being spotted having sex in a parked truck in clear view of children at a playground. The couple was arrested and charged with lewd or lascivious behavior.
A police dog killed in the Tunisian museum hostage siege was given a guard of honour . The dog's body was carried from the scene by special forces as the crowd applauded . The terrorist attack left 17 people dead, as well as the two gunmen .
Mohammad Hossain, 19, was trying to recreate Fifty Shades of Grey with a fellow student . The woman said it started out as consensual, but then she asked him to stop . He is accused of tying her up, whipping and punching her, and then raping her . The judge found no probable cause and Hossain was cleared of the charges .
Washington Post columnist Jonathan Capehart wrote a piece this week, criticizing the labeling of Michael Brown as a symbol of the Black Lives Matter movement . Capehart says he no longer believes Brown is an appropriate symbol for the renewed civil rights movement in the U.S. and that white police officer Darren Wilson was justified in the shooting. The investigation revealed that Brown had not in fact had his arms up when he was shot, based on witness testimonies and autopsy results.
Andy Murray is considering adding Jonas Bjorkman to his coaching team. Bjorkman is a former world No. 4 and is currently competing on the Swedish version of Strictly Come Dancing. Murray plans to have Bjorkman work with him for a trial week at some point in the next month.
Peter Gerard Scully is accused of sexually abusing 11 children and killing another young girl in the Philippines. He is facing life in prison if found guilty. Scully spoke to 60 Minutes' Tara Brown from behind bars, claiming to have remorse for his actions.
Carver has hit back at the ‘insulting’ comments of Phil Neville . He has challenged his Newcastle side to prove their critics wrong in their next game . Carver has slammed ex-players like Neville for making comments, admitting he was 'pretty angry' .
Kirste Crompton has recently lost ten stone after running 1,820 miles on a treadmill at home . The 42-year-old has also lost seven dress sizes in the process, taking her from a dress size 24 to a size 10 . At her heaviest, Kirste, 5.8", was too 'embarrassed' to work out in public and instead paid £65 a month to rent a treadmill from the comfort of her home . Today, the housewife and mother runs an amazing 35 miles a week, has recently completed her first marathon and is now hoping to compete in a triathlon .
France coach Philippe Saint-Andre has launched a scathing attack on his own players . He said the team has become 'the Father Christmas of international rugby' because it gives away so many points . Saint-Andre is likely to make sweeping changes for the game against Italy in two weeks' time .
A six-year-old schoolgirl who has to wear an eye patch was left in tears after a teacher called her 'pirate girl' when he couldn't remember her name. Alicia Blanco-Clements was standing in the wrong queue to leave the packed assembly hall at Springfield Primary School in Chelmsford, Essex, when Jona Davies made the comment. Her older sister Olivia, 11, spotted her sister in the wrong place before hearing their deputy head teacher call her 'pirate girl' as he tried to attract her attention in front of the school last Wednesday.
The Spanish Prime Minister looked shell-shocked after he heard how at least 45 of his citizens had been killed in the Alps plane crash this morning. The visit to the northern Spanish town of Vitoria-Gasteiz took on an air of grave seriousness as the PM cancelled his scheduled appointments and headed back to Madrid for a crisis cabinet meeting. In a hastily-arranged press conference, he said: 'I profoundly regret this very sad accident. We are going to do all we can.'
A new image has surfaced that suggests claims the name of the RMS Lusitania was painted over to protect her on her final voyage in 1915 were untrue . The image, which is believed to be the last one ever taken of the ship, clearly shows her name had not been painted over . The RMS Lusitania was sunk by a German U-Boat in 1915 killing 1,198 passengers and crew .
The City watchdog has said it wants to ban companies from ‘opt out’ selling – where customers have to untick a box in the small print if they want to avoid buying an add-on insurance policy . In a damning report, the Financial Conduct Authority said many customers are being tricked into buying products they do not want or need . The FCA estimates the scam is costing customers more than £108 million a year in overpayments .
An Indonesian clothing company has come under fire over washing instructions printed on its sports shirts which said women should clean the shirts because 'it's her job'. Salvo Sports printed the controversial instructions on the shirts of Indonesian Super League football team Pusamania Borneo. Social media was quick to shame the company, which tweeted an explanation of its actions. The company has not said whether they will recall the shirts.
UFC's Bantamweight Champion Ronda Rousey gives an impassioned interview on Good Morning America. The 28-year-old fighter believes that MMA is an unfairly stigmatized sport that does plenty to help women. She said, 'I'm a two-time Olympian, Olympic medalist, and when I was doing judo, the exact same things I really apply in MMA, I was celebrated as an American hero. Somehow, when I do it for money, I'm a barbarian?' Rousey also commented on how MMA has helped to improve the way women are treated in popular culture.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff worried after Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel victory in Malaysian Grand Prix . Wolff conceded that Vettel deserved to win and Ferrari got their tactics spot-on in the soaring heat . It has left Wolff concerned, as he said: 'We were pretty sure the three-stop strategy would work for us .
Trouble flared before, during and after the Aston Villa and West Bromwich Albion FA Cup quarter-final clash, prompting the Football Association to launch an investigation. The national lead officer for football policing, Mark Roberts, questioned the 5.30pm kick-off time and his view has been backed by supporters of both clubs.
People using social media are less likely to feel empathy or compassion towards others, says Dr Richard Sherry. A new poll found almost nine in ten Britons now admit to having lost their temper more quickly online than in real life. The survey questioned 1,000 users of sites including Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Instagram and Pinterest about whether their personality changes while reading and posting messages.
French rider Lloyd Mondory has tested positive for blood-boosting agent EPO . The 32-year-old Ag2r La Mondiale rider's positive result came during an out-of-competition test . Mondory has been provisionally suspended until the adjudication of the affair .
Militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have released images of a young man having his hand hacked off after he was accused of stealing. The images, understood to have been taken in the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa, show the terrified young man being dragged out onto a public square in front of a bloodthirsty crowd. The blindfolded victim is forced to sit in a chair in the centre of the square, where he is held in place by one of the jihadis, while two others use a large meat cleaver to brutally sever his hand from his arm.
A British hotelier found shot dead in his burnt out Range Rover on one of the world's most idyllic islands had received death threats over his controversial £5.4million bid to take over another luxury resort . The inquest into his death has revealed Mr Gobat received death threats in the run up to his murder . The 38-year-old had been shot twice in the head before the car was set alight, in what is thought to have been an attempt to destroy any forensic evidence .
Harry Kane scored a goal 79 seconds after coming on as a substitute in England's 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley on Friday. The 21-year-old Tottenham striker has now scored 30 goals so far this term. Many goal-scoring debutants have seen their England careers quickly fizzle out into nothing, but it remains to be seen if Kane will be one of them.
Jury in Louisiana deadlocked in case of man who shot and killed another man he mistook for an alligator . Prosecutors accused defendant of fabricating story about alligator, while defense said he was on drugs . Man had been up for three days and shot at a silhouette he mistook for an alligator .
Michael Chopra has joined Championship strugglers Alloa Athletic until the end of the season . The 31-year-old made his debut as an injury-time substitute during Tuesday night’s 2-2 draw with Rangers at Ibrox . Chopra says he jumped at the chance to play for Alloa and that it's not about the money .
The National Gallery of Australia will be hosting a naked art tour . The tour guide is Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt . The tour will highlight the work of 70-year-old American artist James Turrell .
Spain boss Vicente del Bosque leaves the door open for striker David Villa to return to the national team despite the striker stepping down following the side's dismal exit from the World Cup. Del Bosque told Spanish radio that there is no reason Villa, 33, couldn't reach 100 caps because he had 'done so much for the national team' and has kept the door open for him to return.
Labour would overhaul school inspections in favour of a ‘light-touch’ system allowing teachers to assess each other, Tristram Hunt said. The proposals would see teachers and head teachers helping to assess the performance of other schools. Ofsted would regulate this process, although the details of how the system would work have not been finalised.
Kimya, a Western Lowland Gorilla, gave birth to a baby at Melbourne Zoo on Saturday night . The baby's father is Otana and it is the first gorilla birth in Australia since 2000 . Zoo staff are yet to determine the baby's sex but it is reportedly doing well .
Juventus move closer to fourth straight Serie A title with 1-0 win over Genoa . Carlos Tevez scored only goal of game after 25 minutes . Juventus can plan on wrapping up title before semi-finals of Champions League .
Adam Johnson has been arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. On Tuesday Johnson's bail was extended by five weeks until April 23 and on Wednesday it was revealed his suspension was lifted. Johnson could now feature for new boss Dick Advocaat in Sunderland's fight for survival.
The Lindt cafe in Sydney's CBD will reopen on Friday, three months after a deadly siege claimed the lives of two hostages and a gunman. A Lindt spokesman has confirmed the Martin Place cafe would open its doors at 10am, with NSW Premier Mike Baird set to be the first customer. A plaque inside the cafe will commemorate Tori Johnson and Katrina Dawson who were killed there along with gunman Man Haron Monis in December last year. Lindt Australia CEO Steve Loane said the overwhelming feeling was to create a permanent memorial. 'It was felt this was the right thing to do, to remember Tori and Katrina and their spirit,' he said in a statement.
The study by the government’s aid watchdog warns that a £52 million programme to help strengthen Bangladesh’s security services could have been used to target opponents of the regime. When the Independent Commission on Aid Impact warned it would go public on its concerns, the project was scrapped.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will be competing in the Gent-Wevelgem sprint classic in Belgium on Sunday. The 2012 Tour de France champion will be joined by fellow Great Britain Olympian Geraint Thomas for the 239-kilometre one-day event.
Jonny Evans denies spitting at Papiss Cisse and would've been locked out of his house if he had . The Manchester United defender was hit with a six-match ban by the FA after the incident . Evans says his mum and dad would have given him a 'rollicking' if he had actually spat at Cisse .
Demonstrators marching in NYC for gender equality on International Women's Day . Marchers are fighting for the gender that is traditionally paid less and has less of a voice in policy decisions . UN officials say much more needs to be done to achieve gender equality around the world .
Photographer Nick Lariontsev has created a timelapse video of mould growing and spreading . He used a specially designed set-up to capture the fungi in different stages of growth . The video shows moulds from the Aspergillus, Cladosporium, Trichoderma, Botrytis and Mucor genera .
Buddhism has a long history in China, but was repressed during the Maoist era . Now, a growing number of Chinese are rediscovering the country's dormant Buddhist traditions . Some people are looking for a spiritual anchor in a competitive, fast-changing society . Others take comfort in meditation and enjoy volunteering .
On February 3, 1959, a small aircraft carrying Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson crashed, killing all four on board . The National Transportation Safety Board is taking another look at the case, at the request of an aviation enthusiast .
The NCA has arrested 57 suspected hackers in a series of 25 raids across the UK, including a member of the Lizard Squad. The 16-year-old from Leeds was held on suspicion of targeting approximately 350 websites. The NCA also arrested 56 others for cybercrimes including stealing data, fraud and virus development. One suspect was held in connection with an alleged cyber attack on the United States Department of Defence (DoD).
Goalkeeper David Marshall knows he has to keep performing well to keep his spot on the Scottish national team . Marshall has been the team's starting goalie for the past four Euro 2016 qualifiers but knows that Craig Gordon and Allan McGregor are waiting in the wings . Marshall has had to wait years for his chance to be the starting goalie and is determined to make the most of it.
Nigel Pearson has twice before worked last-match miracles in charge of teams in trouble . Leicester City is currently seven points from safety . The team has not won a Premier League game in eight attempts .
Nicklas Bendtner has been made a Lord after Danish magazine SE Og HOR bought him a plot of land in Glencoe Wood, Scotland. Bendtner is said to be delighted with the news, according to his agent. The former Arsenal striker has been unofficially called Lord by his fans for years.
Goldman Sachs has analyzed the spending habits of Millennials and are reaching out to spread the news using the hippest technology it can find, emoji. The multinational released macroeconomic insights into the way that people born in the 1980s and 1990s are buying houses, getting married and using phone apps.
In an interview on Wednesday, Ben Carson stated that he believes being gay is 'absolutely' a choice. He provided the example of prisoners, saying that many go into prison straight and come out gay. Carson also implied that something happens to incarcerated individuals while behind bars that makes them choose to be gay.
Arizona Coyotes radio analyst Nick Boynton has been placed on leave after biting a police officer as he was arrested during a fight at a casino, according to reports. The 36-year-old former NHL player is in police custody at Erie County Medical Center following the alleged incident at the Buffalo Creek Casino in Buffalo, New York on Wednesday night.
Swimsuit model Brooklyn Decker responded to a tweet from Levi Pettit - a University of Oklahoma student who was identified by his parents on Tuesday as one of fraternity brothers caught on video signing 'there will never be a n***** SAE.'  Decker's rep told Daily Mail Online: ‘She freaked out this morning when she realized. He tweeted at her... and she, as she does with all her fans, tweeted him back.
In his speech, Obama commemorated the 50th anniversary of "Bloody Sunday" and the Selma to Montgomery marches . He said that the marchers were heroes and that their work is not yet finished . He also said that what they did "will reverberate through the ages" .
Burglar returns to family's home to give them £400 in cash and apologise for breaking into their home while they slept, almost a year after the crime.
Two men charged with disorderly conduct and battery after fight on Florida beach . Sgt. Bryan Bingham stepped in to break up the fight and handcuff one of the men . The other man, Justin Lewis, tried to intervene and was also handcuffed .
The 15-year-old girl was stopped from joining IS by police on the runway at Heathrow . The girl went to the same east London school as Kadiza Sultana, 16, Shamima Begum, 15, and Amira Abase, 15, who fled to join IS fighters last month . The girl was one of five others from the school to be given travel bans to stop them from going to Syria this week.
Los Angeles police say a man was killed when he fell out of a tree and impaled himself on the spikes of a metal fence after a night of heavy drinking. The man had climbed up the tree to retrieve a jacket before falling on the fence, LAPD Captain Brian Pratt said hours after the gruesome discovery was made. The coroner's office identified the victim as 30-year-old Edwin Ochoa.
India will top Pool B in the cricket World Cup . Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan both scored centuries . Ireland were dismissed for 249 with an over to spare .
Shayanna Jenkins, fiancee of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez, has testified that she believes marijuana was in a box she was instructed to remove from the couple's home the day after the slaying of Odin Lloyd in 2013. Hernandez has been charged with murder and has pleaded not guilty to orchestrating the death of Lloyd. Jenkins testified that on the day after Lloyd's slaying, her fiance called her with instructions that it was important to discard the box.
Two Vietnamese citizens and a Canadian have been charged over roles in hacking email service providers in the United States. Nguyen and Vu used the data to send spam to tens of millions of people directing them to products they were selling online. Da Silva was nabbed by authorities in February at Ft. Lauderdale International Airport trying to board a flight to Canada.
1. Scott Walker and Marco Rubio are both potential presidential candidates from the GOP. 2. President Obama is not a fan of Benjamin Netanyahu, but the White House will remain cordial with him. 3. Scott Walker was in New York City recently for a fund-raising event.
Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone has created a video with Vogue India in an effort to empower women in the country. In the clip, she recites a poem about the freedoms females should be entitled to, while the images of 100, mostly unknown, women from Mumbai flash up on the screen. Since it was published at the weekend, the video has been viewed more than two million times. Many of its critics have taken issue with one of the parts of the speech where Deepika talks about sex outside of marriage.
The FA are investigating an incident between Steve Bruce and Gus Poyet which took place during Tuesday's 1-1 draw between Hull and Sunderland. Poyet was upset after Jack Rodwell was booked for diving, and Bruce was angry after Rodwell equalised with what he thought was an arm.
A girl aged two has been reported to police for shoplifting and a boy of five accused of rape . Other 'crimes' by children reported to Cambridgeshire police include vandalism, arson, actual bodily harm and racial or religious harassment.
A photo of a weasel hitching a surprise lift on the back of a flying woodpecker has gone viral on Twitter . The image was first posted by photographer Jason Ward on Monday and credited to Martin Le-May. Le-May told ITV that the weasel -- known as a "least weasel" in some countries -- lost its grip and the bird flew away.
A Russian schoolboy has been filmed falling 100 feet to his death after accidentally grabbing a 30,000 volt electricity cable while making a free-climbing video. The 14-year-old, identified only by the name 'Maxim', was climbing along the top of a railway bridge in the capital Moscow while a friend of the same age filmed his dangerous stunt.
Gary Locke was sacked as Hearts manager last year and has since returned to Kilmarnock . Hearts have since been promoted back to the Scottish Premiership under new manager Robbie Neilson . Locke insists he has nothing to prove to Hearts and is focused on Kilmarnock .
Reigning world champion Lewis Hamilton and teammate Nico Rosberg resumed where they left off last season as the 2015 Formula One season kicked off in Melbourne. The Mercedes duo, who took pole position in all but one of last season's qualifying sessions and won 16 of the 19 races, were dominant in first and second practice for Sunday's Australian Grand Prix.
The Salvation Army used #thedress to spread awareness about domestic violence . An ad shows a model wearing a white and gold dress with bruises on her face and body . The caption reads "Why is it so hard to see black and blue? The only illusion is if you think it was her choice."
The remains of Ashley Jones, 24, were discovered near where she was last seen . Her mother, Cyndi Jones, was informed by police last week . Authorities believe there is a strong possibility that the remains are Ashley Jones' .
The British Museum topped the list of the UK's most popular tourist attractions in 2013 . The National Gallery was the second most popular attraction, with just over 6 million visits . Nine of the top ten sites were in London, with the only exception being Brighton Pier in sixth spot .
Jane Whittington, 58, died after a freak wave hit while she was enjoying a dip on holiday in Goa . She was on a four-month break in the resort of Goa with her partner Steve Cooper when the tragedy hit . Ms Whittington's family is now planning to return to scatter her ashes .
The Crosses and Nevilles are two sporting dynasties from Bury, England . Kate Cross is a cricketer who plays for England's women's cricket team . David Cross is a former West Ham United footballer and is now a scout for Blackburn Rovers . Tracey Neville is a retired netball player and is the current head coach of England's women's national netball team .
Olivier Giroud and Aaron Ramsey gave Arsenal a 2-0 win, but it wasn't enough as they crashed out of the Champions League . David Ospina, Hector Bellerin, Per Mertesacker, Laurent Koscielny, Nacho Monreal, Francis Coquelin, Santi Cazorla, Alexis Sanchez, Mesut Ozil, and Danny Welbeck were the Arsenal players mentioned.
Liverpool players past and present celebrated at the Hilton Hotel in Liverpool following the All-Stars charity match at Anfield . Steven Gerrard captained one of the teams in a 2-2 draw in front of a sell-out crowd . Familiar faces in Liverpool included Xabi Alonso, Alvaro Arbeloa, Dirk Kuyt and Pepe Reina .
The UN has found evidence that ISIS is committing genocide against the Yazidi minority in Iraq. The report is based on interviews with more than 100 witnesses and survivors of ISIS attacks between June 2014 and February 2015. ISIS has been systematically and brutally attacking the Yazidi minority, separating out men and boys to be executed, forcing younger boys to become child soldiers, and abducting women and girls as sexual slaves.
Randy Work must pay his wife Mandy Gray around £80 million in their divorce settlement . Mr Work had argued that Ms Gray was only entitled to £5 million, due to a post-nuptial agreement . Judge disagreed, saying that Mr Work now has to pay Ms Gray "tens of millions of US dollars" .
Yaya Toure has snubbed his Manchester City team-mates by failing to name any of them in his dream team . The midfielder has chosen to omit the likes of Sergio Aguero, David Silva and Vincent Kompany but has named former colleagues Gerard Pique, Dani Alves, Andres Iniesta, Xavi and Lionel Messi in his ideal XI . To add insult to injury, Toure has revealed he would call on the services of four players from his former side's arch-rivals - Real Madrid.
The main points to remember from this news article are that:  - A "Saturday Night Live" commercial parody that aired over the weekend depicted ISIS in a comedic light. - The sketch received mixed reactions, with some people finding it offensive and others praising it. - Muslim comedians in countries affected by ISIS have been ridiculing the terrorist group in various ways.
Police officers, detectives, paramedics and firefighters trampled through an elderly widow's home after concluding that she had somehow set herself alight, contaminating the scene of the crime. It was only two days later that a pathologist examined the body and confirmed the fatal injuries, along with multiple defensive wounds on the victim's hands. The coroner recorded a verdict of unlawful killing and criticised the police for their handling of the case.
Kate Clayton, 30, originally from Southampton, died after bungling doctors on a Caribbean island starved her brain of oxygen during a routine operation, an inquest has heard. A leading medic from Southampton, where Miss Clayton was later transferred for emergency treatment, also told the hearing that he could 'not understand' why it had taken doctors so long to realise their mistake. In a narrative verdict, the coroner openly criticised the care given to Miss Clayton at Georgetown Hospital, ruling that she died 'as a direct result of the failed tracheotomy' which was 'inadequately carried out.'
FIFA President Sepp Blatter says he's concerned by a study highlighting the scale of Russia's racism problem ahead of the 2018 World Cup. The Fare network organization and the Moscow-based SOVA Center detailed dozens of cases of discriminatory behaviour linked to Russian football over two seasons. The report has been received by FIFA and Blatter told The Associated Press: 'I am aware of the report ... sure we are concerned, definitely.'
China's largest mail company is set to deliver more than 1,000 packages a day by drone . The company is already flying 500 parcels a day to remote areas and is looking to double that number . The drones are all-weather and can fly for up to 16 minutes carrying a parcel weighing 1kg .
James Clapper, head of U.S. intelligence, has warned that not renewing the NSA's phone snooping program will 'raise the risk' of another terror incident . Clapper claims that extending part of the Patriot Act, which allows the bulk collection of telephone records, is a vital tool for the intelligence agency . Section 215 of the Patriot Act, which was revealed by Edward Snowden, has not prevented a single incident since it was brought in .
Fury 325 will open on March 28 at Carowinds Park in Charlotte, North Carolina . It is a gigacoaster, meaning it is a roller coaster that completes a full circuit and has a drop height of more than 300 feet . The park is offering a virtual ride for people who want to experience the coaster before it opens .
Convicted killer featured on 'Serial' podcast files for appeal, claiming lawyer made mistakes . Syed was convicted of strangling his high school sweetheart Hae Min Lee in 1999 and has been serving a life sentence since 2000 . Syed's lawyer argues that his former attorney, Christina Gutierrez, made mistakes that were 'deeper than the typical error or omission' .
One person was killed and several injured when a severe storm system hit the Tulsa and Oklahoma City areas. The storm system included a confirmed, "extremely dangerous" tornado that caused damage to homes and downed trees. A severe thunderstorm watch was in effect for the area until late Wednesday night.
Jeb Bush will attend a fundraiser in Dallas tomorrow that is being hosted by his brother, George W. Bush . The fundraiser is for Jeb's Right to Rise political action committee . Jeb is seeking to distance himself from the legacies of his father and brother while building the case for his own presidency .
Qantas' first boeing 747-400 made its shortest journey to Illawarra Regional Airport on Sunday . It will now be the first plane of its type in the world to go on public display in an aviation museum . The plane was so big that its two outside engines hung over the runway's edge as it landed on Illawarra Airport's runway .
Researchers found that most pensioners are enjoying their later years with a packed diary of social engagements . The poll of retirees also found that 6.30pm is their favourite time to enjoy a tipple or two . Most said they are active and exercise at least six times a month .
The study found that patients prescribed high doses of the painkiller for long periods were up to 63 per cent more likely to die unexpectedly. The risk of having a heart attack or stroke was up to 68 per cent higher and there was an almost 50 per cent greater chance of having a stomach ulcer or bleed.
Qualcomm's Maserati concept car has a display that can be used with voice control, touch and hand gestures. The system syncs with smartphones and tablets but is more advanced because it doesn’t need one to work. It has built-in apps and 4G, which multiple phones and tablets can connect to.
A government watchdog group has filed a lawsuit claiming that the U.S. State Department hid emails it was required to hand over as part of a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit. The group claims that Huma Abedin, a former Clinton deputy chief of staff and a member of her inner circle, had a private address on the email server Clinton kept at her Chappaqua, New York home and used exclusively while she was in office. The group is demanding that a federal court reopen a case it agreed to drop last year because Abedin's emails were never properly searched.
Arsene Wenger was presented with a framed collection of photographs by Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev . Wenger faces the club he first managed in 1987 on Tuesday night in the Champions League . Wenger left Monaco in 1994, six years after winning the Ligue 1 title in his debut season .
Kendra Wilkinson is a former Playboy model who is now a mother of two . She has undergone a drastic identity overhaul and now sees herself as a mother first, with sexy model ending up somewhere around No.100 on her list of priorities .  Wilkinson was still taking style tips from the jungle when she attended the LA premiere of Paddington in January!
Sebastian Vettel has joined Ferrari from Red Bull and is now the outsider behind Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg . The German driver is looking to emulate his childhood idol Michael Schumacher and get back to the top . Vettel had a difficult season with Red Bull last year, finishing fifth in the drivers' standings with no wins and just four podium places .
William Jones, 15 weeks, took to swimming like a duck to water . William's parents took him swimming to help build up strength before his open heart surgery . After the surgery, William battled complications but is now home with his family .
Chelsea players were in high spirits during training on Tuesday after being promised two days off . Boss Jose Mourinho will give his squad two days off after the West Ham clash and has given them permission to enjoy themselves.
Aldi, the budget German supermarket, is the official sponsor of Team GB at the 2016 Olympics . It is understood that Aldi will subsidise the costs of training camps and equipment as well as funding community and youth sports schemes with the British Olympic Association (BOA). Olympic legend and gold medallist, Lord Coe, the chairman of the BOA, said: ‘Everyone associated with Team GB is thrilled to have a partner which has so captured the imagination of the British public.’
OJ Simpson is threatened by fellow inmate in Nevada prison . Inmate is member of white supremacist group Aryan Nation . OJ is in minimum security tier while inmate is in maximum security tier .
The Islamic State has released a new propaganda video . The video features two deaf-mute brothers who are shown working as traffic police in Mosul . In sign language with English and Arabic subtitles, the men speak about their desire to 'slaughter' their enemies .
A university lecturer is suing his ex-wife for £83,500 after she allegedly swapped his sperm for an ex-lover’s while undergoing fertility treatment . The lecturer claims that when his former wife travelled to a fertility clinic in Spain with her ex-lover, the ex-lover pretended he was her husband and donated sperm . A DNA test eventually revealed the child was not his.
The Premier League will break new ground by streaming live pre-match teamtalks from Arsenal vs Liverpool . The teamtalks will be hosted on the new social media tool Periscope . Both Arsenal and Liverpool were initially reluctant to take part in the broadcast, but were convinced by Premier League officials .
Crystal Palace co-chairman Steve Parish said that the club are in no rush to sell up. He believes there is no need for the south London club to sell, but is wary of the financial implications of commissioning new projects. 'Taking on commitments and building things is risky,' he said. 'You could lose a lot of money really quickly.'
There was a riot at the Rite of Passage Silver State Academy in rural Nevada at the weekend . Two buildings were set on fire, four staff members were hurt and 10 youths escaped before they were recaptured . This is the fourth uprising in four months at the school for at-risk teens .
Avalanches in the mountainous province of Panjshir have killed 196 people . President Ashraf Ghani has declared three days of mourning in Afghanistan for the victims.
Nigel Farage has accused anti-Ukip protesters of chasing his family out of a country pub and branded them ‘scum’. The protest featured several women and men clutching dolls to their chests in an apparent reference to the Ukip leader’s comments that nursing mothers should ‘sit in the corner’. After hounding him out of the Queen’s Head in Downe, Kent, protesters surrounded his car, kicking it and jumping on his bonnet as his wife, Kirsten, tried to drive him away. The Ukip leader later told the Mail: ‘We were having a pleasant Sunday and then suddenly the mob descended. There was various screaming, shouting and intimidation. ‘My children ran away and hid. The landlord called the police who came quickly and later brought them back to my home. They also attacked my car as my wife drove me off.’
Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta is one of the best players in the world . He took 112 touches in Barcelona’s midfield during their victory over Manchester City last month . Iniesta is a slave to the game, and is still seeking perfection even after winning multiple championships . Barcelona is conditioned to play a certain way, all possession-based and keeping the ball in circulation .
Tom Brady took a daring cliff dive while on a family holiday and shared the video on Facebook . The Patriots quarterback is taking a well-earned break after guiding New England to a thrilling Super Bowl victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Glendale, Arizona last month . The 37-year-old rose to the surface of the water after his courageous dive and wrote a message to accompany the video saying: 'Never doing that again! #AirBrady' .
Michael Hood has been sentenced to eight years in prison for his role as getaway driver in armed robbery of Edinburgh jewellers . Gang made off with luxury watches and jewellery worth £1.35 million .
A teenage girl has been beaten to death and set on fire in a Nigerian market after being accused of being a suicide bomber.  A yam vendor said  people  discovered one of the girls had two bottles strapped to her body so they clubbed her to death, put a tyre doused in fuel over her head and set it on fire.  Police said the girl was accused of being a suicide bomber and clubbed to death before being set on fire by the crowd at the market in Bauchi, Nigeria.
The search for MH370 is in the wrong place according to a detailed search for Indian Ocean rubbish on the south west coast of Tasmania . The rubbish from the other side of the ocean has drifted along the same path as the official search area for the aircraft . The discovery of rubbish from Madagascar and South Africa confirms that the ocean tides will carry debris many thousands of miles .
English football clubs are worried about new FA regulations on agents . The rules, which come into force next month, include a ban on agents earning money for representing players under 18 years old . As a result, clubs fear there will no longer be a level playing field in the global hunt for young talent because the players’ representatives will want them to sign for teams in countries where the agents’ code is far more relaxed .
Newcastle will be forced to use Daryl Janmaat as an emergency centre-back in their next three matches . The Magpies have left themselves desperately short of defensive cover with injuries and suspensions . Janmaat is set to partner Mike Williamson, but the 25-year-old said: ‘If the team needs me there, I am confident I can do well there, even though I have not played as a central defender in the whole of my career.’
Cunard Line celebrates 175 years of sailing the seas this year . The fleet has welcomed the most illustrious members of society on board, and has a guest book which includes everyone from Queen Elizabeth II to Liz Taylor to Beyonce . The maiden voyage of a Cunard's liner, Britannia, took place in 1840 across the Atlantic.
Pathology test results have confirmed that the brutal killing of pregnant mum Kris-Deann Sharpley and her seven-year-old son, Jackson, was a murder-suicide carried out by her grandfather.
The re-burial of King Richard III is expected to bring a tourism boost to Leicester, similar to other towns which are home to famous resting places . Some of the most-visited grave sites in the country include Shakespeare's in Stratford-upon-Avon and Karl Marx's in London.
20 pupils fell ill after using Nicotine spray prescribed to a 12-year-old at Wolstanton High School . Spray caused vomiting, dizziness and headaches in the children, aged between 11 and 13 . Headmaster Alan Aston dismissed the incident as a 'prank that went wrong' .
Arsenal was eliminated from the Champions League after losing to Monaco on away goals . Arsene Wenger was downbeat and introspective after the game, saying it might be better to finish third in the group and drop into the Europa League than keep losing in the last 16 . Per Mertesacker was asked how far this team was from seriously competing for the top prize and said, ‘Far.’
Three people fined and banned from sports facilities for abusing Gareth Bale . Bale was targeted after Real Madrid's defeat to Barcelona on Sunday . Real Madrid member suspended and could be expelled from the club .
Italian researchers have discovered how to turn extra virgin olive oil into a gel . The gel can be added to salads and sandwiches, used in cooking, and can be flavoured . The team is hoping to sell the innovation to food companies .
Tesco worker Christine St Michaels stole £250 from the tills but avoided jail and community service after complaining of headaches and nosebleeds. St Michaels, who had worked at the Tesco branch for 12 years, was found guilty of theft and ordered to pay a £250 restitution order and £500 in prosecution costs. She was not ordered to carry out community service after Snaresbrook Crown Court heard she suffers regular headaches and nosebleeds.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao agree to USADA testing rules for their superfight . The welterweight rivals have agreed to unannounced blood and urine testing . The showdown is set to be the richest in boxing history, with an estimated shared purse of 250,000,000 US dollars (£167.4million) .
The kosher supermarket in Paris which was targeted by terrorists has reopened two months after four hostages were killed as part of an Islamist plot. Amedy Coulibaly, who pledged allegiance to ISIS, slaughtered customers at the Hyper Cacher shop in January as part of a coordinated attack on the French capital. French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve was among the government officials present at the reopening, which took place under heavy police surveillance.
Gus Poyet has been sacked as manager of Sunderland after a 4-0 home defeat by Aston Villa .  Dick Advocaat has been appointed as the new manager . Poyet's position had become untenable after a string of poor results .
A 27-year-old driver has been arrested after allegedly 'doing donuts' on a frozen river until his pickup truck smashed through the ice - then saving his own life while leaving his pet dog behind to die.  Andrew Mayer was traveling through New Jersey with his two-year-old boxer mix, Rolo, in the early hours of Sunday when he reportedly drove onto the Toms River, which had completely frozen over. He then repeatedly drove his 1989 Mazda B2200 truck around in circles, causing it to plunge through the ice into the frigid water below, police said.  Mayer escaped from the vehicle as it was sinking. However, he allegedly left Rolo inside the truck, which was quickly filling up with water. Divers later found the black pup lying dead on the backseat of the sunken vehicle after a passerby called 911.
The campaign is called #UpForSchool and is organized by Sarah Brown, wife of former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The goal is to get every girl and boy into school and learning by the end of 2015.
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his $300million (£200m) fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr on May 2. In a training session at the Wild Card Boxing Club in Los Angeles, Pacquiao showed some exceptional hand speed. Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach is confident that Pacquiao will beat Mayweather.
Lawrence Okoye is set to face a steep learning curve in his third year with the San Francisco 49ers . The 23-year-old former Olympian is battling to make the 49ers final 53-man roster . Jarryd Hayne is also hoping to make the roster and Tomsula spoke of his excitement at working with the 27-year-old.
Alonso will fly to Malaysia for the second race of the season after undergoing tests to establish whether he has recovered from concussion.
The skydiver's main and reserve parachutes malfunctioned, sending him spiraling to the ground . The skydiver hit the ground at a speed of around 25mph and was only treated for mild concussion and bruising . The skydiver said that he was lucky to be alive and that some of the witnesses expected the fall to be fatal .
Samiye, 15, was captured by Islamic State fighters from a Yazidi sect on Iraq's Mount Sinjar last August . Men and boys over 14 were lined up on the ground and executed, survivors said . Women and girls, some as young as five, are regularly raped and abused, survivors said .
Gorilla at Busch Gardens in Tampa gives silverback gorilla the middle finger . Blackback also threw a toy at the silverback's head . Silverbacks are generally more than 12-years-old and feature a silver patch of hair .
The book is about the original meanings of place names and how they have been forgotten over time. Macfarlane has compiled a list of old terms from Anglo-Saxon to Old Norse to revive the forgotten names. The book also includes a glossary of terms specific to different aspects of landscape.
Joe Schmidt says talisman Paul O'Connell is a great leader who delegates well . O'Connell is set to earn his 100th cap against Wales in Cardiff on Saturday . Fly-half Jonathan Sexton has been in superb form for Ireland this season .
Boris Johnson has urged ministers to slash the stake on betting machines known as the 'crack cocaine of gambling'. He believes fixed odds betting terminals can be dangerously addictive and allow bookmakers to prey on the vulnerable within our society. He is the first high-profile Conservative to call for the maximum stake on these roulette-style games to be slashed to as little as £2.
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket carrying the world’s first all-electric communications satellites successfully launched this morning. The rocket was carrying two commercial communications satellites built by Boeing and owned by Paris-based Eutelsat communications and Bermuda-based Asia Broadcast Satellite (ABS). The satellites are unique in that they are powered solely by ion propulsion, as opposed to chemical propellant that is usually favoured.
Rehana Islam, 33, took her 8-year-old son and 3-year-old daughter to Syria . Before leaving, her son scrawled 'jihad' across the walls of his play room . Mrs Islam was 'moody and depressed' before she left and had been having problems in her marriage .
Morgan Jensen is a young model and graphic designer from Flagstaff, Arizona, who idolizes Taylor and occasionally impersonates her outside her concerts. The original photo of Morgan was posted by her friend Kasey to her blog NeverGoOutOfStyle, and pictures the blogger posing with the lookalike blonde, who is sporting the same style of crimson lipstick and black sunglasses often modeled by Taylor herself. Morgan says she often gets compared to her favorite popstar, remarking that both are 'tall and lanky', and even revealed that she once commanded a two-hour line of fans who wanted their photos taken with her outside Taylor's Nashville concert in 2013.
Harry Kane is determined to help propel Tottenham forwards and is not thinking about the potential of playing for England this month. The striker has scored 26 goals in 41 appearances for Spurs in all competitions so far this season and is widely being tipped for a call up to the England team. Kane is trying to keep his focus on helping Tottenham win more games before the international break and is not getting ahead of himself.
Sophia Trow, 8, from Middlesbrough, UK, is upset that Clarks only sells "flowery" shoes for girls . She says she would rather wear dinosaur trainers, which are marketed as for boys . Trow's mother Jane has backed her daughter, tweeting Clarks on her behalf . The mother says she wants more choices for children rather than gender-specific toys and clothes .
John Terry missed a penalty in the 2008 Champions League final . He says he still wakes up at night thinking about it . The Chelsea captain was called up to the England squad for a friendly against the USA almost immediately after the final .
Bayern are 11 points clear in Bundesliga and into quarter-finals of German Cup, but Champions League is their main priority . The Bavarians drew the first leg of this last 16 0-0 in Ukraine . Franck Ribery is slide tackled by Bastian Schweinsteiger during training as David Alaba stands by . Ribery (right) and Alaba share a joke as Bayern's squad prepare for their match with Shakhtar Donetsk .
Julianne Moore wins Oscar for "Still Alice," a movie about a woman with Alzheimer's disease . The disease is a huge problem for the 5 million Americans who have it, and it is expected to affect 13.5 million by 2050 . Alzheimer's is a disease that kills, and women are disproportionately affected .
Trent Parke is a photographer who has delved into his harrowing childhood memories as part of his new exhibition. As a child, Parke's mother died from an asthma attack in front of his eyes. He blocked out all his memories and locked himself away in his mother's darkroom. Now, 43-year-old Parke has unlocked his memories and is showcasing nearly 2000 photographs at the Art Gallery of South Australia.
Apple is holding a media event on Monday where it is expected to announce more details about the availability, price and software for the Apple Watch. The wearable was first unveiled at last year’s iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launch but it’s still not likely to launch until at least April at the earliest. According to Bloomberg, Apple is inviting app developers to fine-tune their apps ahead of the watch’s release.
A homeless man set himself on fire in the middle of the street during an annual Hoboken, New Jersey St. Patrick's Day bar crawl . He then started screaming as the fire spread to his skin, police said. The man was not seriously injured and was transported to a nearby hospital.
Clarke Carlisle, 35, pleads guilty to drink-driving offence . He also pleads guilty to driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence . The former footballer tried to kill himself by jumping in front of a lorry on December 22 .
ABC has selected Cecilia Vega and Tom Llamas to be the two new weekend anchors for the network's flagship evening program World News Tonight. Vega will work on Saturdays and Llamas will take Sundays. Vega has worked for ABC since 2011 at the network's San Francisco Bay Area affiliate. Llamas has only been with ABC for five months.
David Adams, 25, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Thaiya Spruill-Smith, his two-year-old stepdaughter . Adams had originally been charged with assault and child endangerment after admitting to shaking Thaiya so violently she fell into a coma, but the charges were upgraded after Thaiya died .
Henrik Larsson, 43, is a former striker for Celtic, Barcelona and Manchester United . He is now the manager of Helsingborg, where he started and ended his career . Larsson has introduced a salary cap at Helsingborg in an attempt to arrest the club's financial decline .
Pradnya Mandhare was groped by a man in broad daylight at a train station . She fought him off and dragged him to the police station by his hair . None of the 50 people watching did anything to help, which shocked her as much as the attack itself.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic appeared to be trying to score an acrobatic goal similar to one he scored against England in 2012 . Ibrahimovic did find the net though, heading home to give Sweden the lead on 11 minutes . Ibrahimovic scored and made another in a slick first-half performance .
A Spanish dolphin trainer who was accused of abusing animals was found dead in a parking lot. His death is being treated as a suicide. The trainer had been accused of abuse after videos circulated of trainers in Spain allegedly hitting and kicking dolphins.
Bride was stranded after getting out of limo for toilet break and told driver she would catch ride with groom . When she returned, both her limo and the groom's car had gone through the toll booths . She wandered along side of motorway until she could track down a traffic officer .
Mourinho has an impressive record in cup finals, losing just one out of eleven full seasons as a coach. He has won 21 trophies across 727 games, an average of a winner's medal every 35 matches. Mourinho's record in finals includes 10 wins, 7 league titles, and 4 Community Shields or Super Cups.
Almost every day, the remains of three or four workers arrive back in Nepal from the Middle East, according to Bhola Prasad Siwakoti, the secretary of the Nepalese Ministry of Labor and Manpower. Nepali migrant workers have the lowest per capita income in Qatar, says Suryanath Mishra, who served as ambassador to Qatar from 2007 to 2012.
Gary Cahill is looking to prove his doubters wrong after some poor performances . He wants to show that he is still a good player and help Chelsea to glory . Cahill was praised for his partnership with John Terry last season .
In 2 or 3 sentences, what are the main points one should remember from this news article?  Article: Serge Aurier has apologised for his comments after PSG's Champions League clash with Chelsea. The player is the subject of UEFA disciplinary action after posting a video on Facebook in which he labelled the Dutch official a 'dirty son of a b***h' in response to the dismissal of Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Aurier is currently out injured and will learn his fate on Thursday.  Answer:  Serge Aurier has apologised for his comments after PSG's Champions League clash with Chelsea. The player is the subject of UEFA disciplinary action after posting a video on Facebook in which he labelled the Dutch official a 'dirty son of a b***h' in response to the dismissal of Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Aurier is currently out injured and will learn his fate on Thursday.
In 2 or 3 sentences, what are the main points one should remember from this news article?  Theo Walcott is an English footballer who plays for Arsenal. He was interviewed as part of a quick-fire question round, where he revealed his favorite things. These include Cristiano Ronaldo, Game of Thrones, and digestive biscuits.
The Ross Village Inn Bakery in rural Tasmania is a much-adored tourist destination for anime fans. The bakery has an uncanny resemblance to a setting in a beloved cult anime film, 'Kiki's Delivery Service'. More than 50 anime fans, particularly Japanese tourists, visit the bakery every day, many dressed as Kiki. However, the animators of the film reportedly insist they have never been to Tasmania, meaning the near-perfect resemblance between the two bakeries may just be an incredible coincidence.
The world gets a first proper look at Apple’s latest gadget tonight when the company launches its first smartwatch . With a price tag of about £220, the Apple Watch boasts a range of lifestyle functions – promising to open your car door, buy a coffee and even track your heart rate . The company hopes it will have a winner on its hands, even though sales of rival products by Samsung, LG and Sony have been sluggish and many smartwatches have a notoriously short battery life .
Ivanka Trump posted an image of herself with her seven-year-old niece Kai on Monday afternoon, after the pair spent the day 'carving up the mountain' together. Kai is the eldest child of Ivanka's older brother Donald Trump Jr and his wife Vanessa. The two siblings are currently enjoying a spring break getaway together with both of their families, including Ivanka's children - Arabella, three, and Joseph, one - and Donald's five children - Kai, Donald John III, six, Tristan, three, Spencer, two, and Chloe, who is just nine-months-old.
Harvard has been named the world's top university for the fifth year in a row . The U.S. has 43 colleges in the list of the top 100 universities in the world . The U.K. has 12 representatives in the top 100 .
Britain's first dedicated hedgehog conservation area is launched today . The number of hedgehogs in the country are estimated to have dropped 40 per cent in the last two decades . Conservationists have created a ‘hedgehog improvement area’ which opens today in Solihull, the West Midlands .
Muhammad Riyaz was beaten by a gang of vigilante thugs for posing in a photo with five female Hindu classmates . The photo was taken in India's conservative city of Mangalore and caused ripples in the morally conservative part of India . Mr Riyaz was dragged into a car by a group of men who beat him and demanded to know why he, a Muslim, had taken a photo with Hindu girls . His ordeal lasted several hours, after which he was abandoned three miles from home and left to find his way to getting medical help.
The McArthurs are facing a £500 damages claim for discrimination . Aidan O'Neill QC said the case could mean atheist web designers being forced to build a website saying God created the world in six days . The case began when LGBT activist Gareth Lee placed an order for a novelty cake .
There is a debate in Chappaqua, NY over what to do about the coyote population . Some residents advocate for trapping and killing some of the animals . The issue has stirred up some strong emotions among residents .
Adi Shankar had the idea for "Power/Rangers" when he was 7 years old. The producer, now 30, got his wish when his dark version of the "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers," directed by friend Joseph Kahn, made it online -- and proceeded to rack up more than 11 million views on YouTube in less than two days. However, it was reposted in both places late Friday after lawyers reached agreement, Deadline reported.
A Chinese family was kicked off a Cathay Pacific flight after their three-year-old son refused to wear a seatbelt . The plane sat at its gate at a Bangkok airport for an extra 30 minutes while the family, flight attendants and other travellers were involved in a heated stand-off . In last Thursday’s incident, the boy refused to take his seat and wear a seatbelt moments before flight CX654 was scheduled to take off .
Martin Skrtel was injured in a clash with Blackburn's Rudy Gestede during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final match and was taken off on a stretcher . Skrtel posted a photo of himself on Instagram wearing a Givenchy t-shirt, showing that he has recovered from the injury . He is currently on a short-break in Monte Carlo, Monaco, before he'll return to help Liverpool in their quest to finish in the Champions League qualification places .
The main points to remember from this news article are as follows:  -The incident in question occurred during a match between Manchester United and Sunderland, in which Sunderland's Wes Brown was sent off for a foul on Manchester United's Radamel Falcao. -However, it appears that it was actually Sunderland's John O'Shea who made the foul, not Brown. -The reason the red card cannot simply be transferred to O'Shea is because the referee, Roger East, has already issued a statement saying that he believes Brown made the foul. -This means that the red card will stand for Brown, although he has appealed it.
Caggie Dunlop and Hugo Taylor have reunited for a charity fashion shoot . The duo, who grew up together in Chelsea, star in a shoot for Hugo's 'Taylor Morris' sunglasses range . The pictures will be auctioned off to raise money for Malaria No More .
The parents of Michael Brown plan to file a civil suit against the city of Ferguson . This comes after the U.S. Justice Department refused to prosecute Wilson . The DOJ report found a pattern of discriminatory and illegal actions against African-Americans by the Ferguson Police Department .
The homeless woman who was mocked by a Vogue editor in an 'cruel' Instagram post that caused a storm around the world today hit back at the fashionista German princess, saying her situation is 'no joke'.  Huddling inside her thick winter coat with a blanket over her lap, Maryse Dumas, said: 'It's not nice taking pictures of people living on the street, that's not polite', adding: 'It's no joke being destitute, living on the street.  Vogue editor-at-large Elisabeth von Thurn und Taxis posted a picture of Miss Dumas reading a copy of the fashion magazine on Instagram on Saturday. The princess accompanied the photograph with the caption; 'Paris is full of surprises and @voguemagazine readers even in unexpected corners!'
The pall-bearers hurriedly walk past a group of onlookers when the corpse falls out of the coffin and lands on the tarmac . The pall-bearers march on as the corpse lies unattended in the middle of the road . The pall-bearers are alerted by a couple of animated spectators and turn around to pick up the fallen corpse .
Officer Matt Kenny is being investigated for using lethal force in the death of Tony Robinson, an unarmed biracial 19-year-old . Kenny shot and killed a man who pointed a pellet gun at him eight years ago and was exonerated of any wrongdoing . The dead man in the previous incident was white .
The green jacket worn by Australian presenter Natarsha Belling has caused a social media storm after its phallic shaped neckline was pointed out. Reporter Dion Lim, who reports for the Ten News channel in Tampa, Florida, wrote: 'Oh c'mon. People ur reading too much into this! Anchor wears "phallic" jacket #anchorproblems.' Belling wore the jacket to present Network Ten's Eyewitness News and a photo of the outfit was then liked over 110,000 times on Facebook after the website Unilad posted the caption ‘once you see it, you cannot unsee it’. The image has also been shared over 7,000 times as the comments over Belling’s outfit rage on.
Sydney has been included in the 80th anniversary version of Monopoly, but it is located in the less desirable magenta part of the board, next to Amsterdam and New York. Other cities included in the game are Lima, Hong Kong, Riga, Lisbon, Istanbul, Warsaw, Mexico City, Santiago, Belfast, Athens, Belgrade, London, Moscow, Tokyo, New York, Queenstown, Cape Town, and Taipei.
The photos are of the Yiwu Commodity City, the largest small-commodity wholesale market in the world, located in the city of Yiwu in China's Zhejiang Province. The market covers 46 million square feet and has about 62,000 booths, with 100,000 suppliers exhibiting 400,000 kinds of products. Seymour's "Yiwu Commodity City" photo project began in January 2014, when he established both the style and content of his photos: the sellers in their environments in addition to the monotony of the market itself.
Michael Chopra has signed with Alloa Athletic until the end of the season . The former Newcastle, Sunderland and Cardiff forward was most recently contracted to Indian side Kerala Blasters . Alloa is a Scottish Championship side who play on a plastic pitch at 3100-capacity Indodrill Stadium .
England's five-day stay in the Czech Republic finished with a win . The win enhances their credentials for summer success . Tom Carroll’s goal in Prague chiselled out victory for a much-changed side .
The article discusses how two people were stoned to death in Iraq after they were accused of having sex before marriage.
Kieran Carroll, 22, from Luton, went missing with his 8-month-old son Louis . He was reported missing on Tuesday and reappeared today . He has been arrested for assaulting a woman and damaging her mobile phone .
